Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Hello my friends out there on the internet welcome back to another week of
the show where every gamer has a voice it is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight
October the 1st of 2017 with episode number 702 of our show my name is Rob
Roberts joined right over here in Studio N7 in lovely Sacramento California by my
side as she is except not last week DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. What are we
gonna call the next studio uh it's great we should call it in great in great okay
well wait are you saying that we're gonna leave this studio name it after my
car and call it the Lullerskate why would we leave this studio I'm not ready
to move moving is punishment for stealing in some countries it is think
about it oh yeah I just I'm thinking about the future you know run episode
900 yeah or episode 1000 I'm also feeling a little a little feisty because
I was listening to Lewis Black on the way to the show just just just because
of that like not just because like does encourage the best parts of me not just
because it's your normal nature like how you always are she says she eats her
what is that a bagel or something over there you can try a piece it's Hokkaido
cream pun I what you know that's a title cream bread okay it's really good
season I like pound cake oh it's not actually it's made with milk hmm little
pound cake isn't it good yeah it's pretty good I like that you know what
you don't look like a mini Alaska Rob food tasting live on OLR well that's
that's the perfect thing that goes with video games is food so it's just natural
that we're gonna bring it up anyway the tech master of all things food Loki he's
not here tonight is not the master of his gastrointestinal system unfortunately
one of the kids got him sick so he had to bow out of tonight you don't have
kids stop it his kids are precious little angels except when they aren't
and make him sick so Loki's sick today so he couldn't be at the show so it's
just Jamie and I holding down the fort now what's up with that are you and
Loki like the same person because last week it was me and him this week it's me
and you can we have all three of us oh sure what I'm cuter I don't know we have
to see what our chat thinks what do you think who's cuter dark Sakura or Loki
answer now in our chat over at live dot vog network calm because we do take
cutie and Loki's booty I'm kidding hi live dot vog network calm we taper the
voice of geeks Network every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific at nine
o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby black wolf show and again that's vog
network calm and already some answers are coming let's say 5050 so far Oh III
VL of starting us off tonight suggesting Loki but when he's tingle
would be the cutest okay I can go for that there you go and you got a you got
a yes Queen from come on no Gus who says dark Sakura slays girl yeah which is
cracking me up because I know we don't have this thing on webcam I'm a fucking
cute cream puff yet wink um but you've got a shirt on that actually says slay
all day I do and it looks like you actually made that out of tape like it
target really yeah cuz remember I also have that shirt this is can't adult
today yeah that's the same it looked like the look of it looks like somebody
bought this shirt right yeah I know I like it don't get me wrong all right
anyway well there it is uh thanks thanks for answering our informal midna scooter
than all of you so shut up all right so we're gonna get into some gaming news
and talk about our weeks and all that good stuff let's kick it off let's kick
off tonight's show talking about the Super Nintendo classic which is kind of
what's dominating the gaming news cycle this week because I know a lot of folks
were very much anticipating this and I think the big question out there was was
Nintendo going to fuck this up on second thought I think I do have some of these
other games so dark Sakura dark soccer now we talked a little bit about this at
the tail end of Bobby Black Wolf tonight but you you're for now anyway passing on
this Super Nintendo classic just because you and anybody who's listening to olr
for a while kind of knows you and the hubby collect video games obsessively at
least the old stuff especially well we did and now we kind of don't need to
collect anything anymore well meaning that okay so when I say that like the
retro stuff obsessively so you stopped at a certain point so maybe your
collection when it comes to PlayStation 3 isn't as impressive but you stopped
collecting like 10 years ago no was out no every game that they ever made except
for we haven't really actively sought out anything unless if something was a
super good deal yeah you know or you know it was well holy hell we're at a
thrift store and someone is selling a Super Nintendo with Pocky and fucking
rocky too do you know how much that game is by itself yeah it's crazy like 300
bucks yeah unboxed yeah and we got one for 50 bucks with a pile of other games
and another fucking Super Nintendo because somebody didn't know what it was
worth hello goodwill thank you yeah so but because okay but you built up this
collection then essentially accident in the 90s in the early 2000s mostly in
the early on yeah so and it doesn't all go bad they're all cartridges well they
haven't rotted they yellow but they haven't rotten they have some disc rod
on some laser discs but our cartridges are eternal so so you don't really have
a need for this not really enough played Star Fox to have played the the fan
excuse me hiccup fan translation hmm and it's fun it's okay I don't think I'd pay
80 bucks just for Star Fox too that's just one of those little like it's just
a little like it's a little cute little cute little dot on the cupcake it's one
of those little cinnamon hots okay oh but I'm looking over the lip I don't
like fake cinnamon I'm looking over the list and I mean I'm really trying not to
do the toot my own horn thing hmm but I truly believe like the only game on here
that I'm not sure if I own other than of course Star Fox 2 because it no one
owns a legit cartridge copy of it hello right um is I think we don't have Kirby
superstar I think I do have Kirby's Dream Course that's funny because I have
Kirby's Dream Course and my collection is nothing I think I have Kirby's Dream
Course I think I don't have superstar which is a travesty I'm pretty sure we
have Contra 3 somewhere so so all this SNES classic made you do is realize shit
we need to find a copy of Kirby superstar pretty much I mean okay but
let me let me ask you there's only one game on here I really don't care about
let me ask you this and if you don't want to toot your own horn take yourself
out of your shoes for a minute put yourself in my shoes now I played the
Super Nintendo I love the Super Nintendo but I didn't build up the collection you
did I kind of took a break from gaming in the early 2000s because that's when I
was in college and I just I didn't really rediscover my love game to extra
in college I know but I didn't really rediscover my love for gaming until you
know I took a few year break and then like DDR kind of brought me back right
and here we are you know all these years later but you know if if I don't have
all those games but I have memories of playing these games in my friends houses
do you see where this is more appealing to me I totally do yeah I know and keep
in mind if I didn't have at least half of the games on here yeah hell yeah I'd
be all kinds of hot for one okay and we do we've asked our our buddy you know
hey you get another one in let us know yeah you know it'd be great to have but
our nest classic is it's still sealed we have not opened it it is on a shelf
on top of I want to say a stack of Genesis games and that's hilarious you
know some people who still can't get one that now they're gonna hate you for that
comment but no it's it's it's it also well you have to also look at the
perspective it is a collectible item and sometimes you don't open collectibles you
like you know there's some people don't open their amiibos that's stupid well
my amiibos are actually no all my amiibos except for my Animal Crossing
ones because I got all the Animal Crossing ones right right and I got all
the the Kirby Planet Robobot ones but I was gonna say if I was in your shoes and
I had the big impressive collection then I probably would pass on this you're
right there wouldn't really be like what is there to drop 80 bucks on the only
thing I could remotely think of is well a the cute I mean it is it's adorable
the little thing is adorable the little Super Nintendo even though doesn't like
the eject button doesn't really work but it's cute but the only thing I can think
of is that like the the fact that it's HDMI native and doesn't have to be run
through converters yeah that's cool I mean that's what we were talking about
making it worthwhile for yeah because we can't play it on our 4k TV without
there being significant lag a twist and see that was what we ran ran into when
we did the NES marathon for I think Dan was doing it for Child's Play just you
know games all day and I was trying to play the Guardian Legend and I was like
fuck I don't remember my my what's the word I'm thinking my reaction time being
this slow and it turns out there's like a one to two second delay using the
converter and that just makes games like that practically unplayable you know but
I mean if we did another one probably run it through though you know we we
picked up a Vega for like 10 bucks at a thrift store an age ago mm-hmm and I'm
sure well your ex-roommate had a Vega right oh the one I try to forget yes
well sorry no it was the house for a while yeah I know I know money Melrose
place yes yeah um but that was it's been great because it's really high def for
what it is and we've been able to play on it so I mean it's just like do I want
to sit on the couch and play or do I just want to go in the game room and sit
on one of those chairs that Dan you know ripped out of old Honda Prelude to
make his driving rig out of back in the day still the driving rig by the way but
we still have the prelude seats on boxes let me get to some of the comments from
our chat over at live dog vog network comm vid power feeling good about the
SNES classic saying my friend and I played the SNES classic all day
yesterday yummy miss nostalgia all day fuck consoles in our chat no tell me how
you really feel says NES mini plus SNES mini equals $160 raspberry pi does both
and is $35 and can do both get a man who can do both
okay no man I think that's right I am an independent person who doesn't need a
man but anyway look all that joking aside like and I I just I have to
address this because it was a really funny article it was going around
Twitter and Facebook this week I mean the whole like um you too can get a
Raspberry Pi and never shut the fuck up about it and all that stuff like I I get
that perspective of using the emulator it's a valid perspective if I couldn't
get my hands on an SNES mini and I've said this on the show many times I would
have been left with no other choice than to steal it and it would that would have
been doing the Raspberry Pi option because I mean sugarcoat it all you want
unless you own all those games you're putting on your ROMs you are or I see
me putting on your Raspberry Pi you are engaging in I mean it's it's very it's
very gray area and it's you know but but it is it's piracy I mean let's just
put the word on it it's piracy but I would have done it too you're copying
that floppy right but I would have done it too if I couldn't pick up one of
these things but if Nintendo did not want me to have one but I will say this
there's a few things to be said about the fact that it is official the fact
that it is a cute little collectible that the little you know device itself
is is great and it is an official Nintendo product and so forth like I all
those things are you know appealing to me in a way just as a longtime gaming
fan I want the stuff that's you know available by Nintendo now will I have to
use a Raspberry Pi to play the stuff that I know Nintendo is never gonna put
out on any type of like like let's say I want to play Pocky and Rocky 2 like that
game is just never coming back that's why it's so you know so if I want to
play that I'm gonna have to use Raspberry Pi I don't have another
choice but you know for these games that you know were and I gotta say it's a
pretty impressive list of games I told Dark Soccer I wanted to do a thing here
at the top of the show where I said okay I want you to take three of those games
and strike them and tell me what three games you'd put on it and Jimmy's like I
can't do it no there's one on there I would get rid of well okay one which one
it would be Contra 3 Contra 3 because it's not really the greatest Contra
game right I would probably put say content to three on it okay well that's
well or that's chance but Kirby's Avalanche okay three Kirby games Jamie
three Kirby games fuck yeah why why not just a Kirby classic you know I wonder
I wonder if this is where you know I haven't even got to the news store I
want to read but I wonder if this is where Nintendo might go with this next
like I know everybody's expecting an n64 classic but I'm gonna throw a
different option out there maybe for 2018 Nintendo might look at doing a
Mario classic and what it's gonna be it'll be like a little Mario head or
some really cute little Mario collectible Kirby but and what will be
built into it is gonna be like let's say some of the things are you know what you
know what that SNES classic is missing that's a really big void in it Super
Mario Brothers all-stars it's completely missing from that now all
those games are in the NES classic but anyway they could do a Mario classic
that has those Mario World Yoshi's Island yes I know all these things
already exist but maybe they throw in a couple other the Mario side story stuff
and then how about where's Mario everyone's favorite Mario is missing
Mario is missing yeah whatever I do but then do Mario 64 is also going to be in
it and I bet that would be thing and then they could do a Zelda classic that
would have all the Zelda games and Ogrina of Time and maybe Majora's Mask
as well that may be a direction Nintendo goes in that would be my prediction if I
was at Nintendo and I was like what you know do we want to do an n64 classic I
just an n64 classic would probably not have as many games on it I know it
sounds really shady but if they if they can't get the third-party licensing to
have shit like Goldeneye on it which I don't think they would be like I don't
think they can get Goldeneye on it you know and some of the other stuff I don't
I don't know if it's gonna be as must have lost the license for the likenesses
in Goldeneye actually I think they've lost the licenses for the name mm-hmm I
know there was a bunch of a bunch of stuff that went around oh why oh it's
had some problems getting re-released but crap there was another I think that
they'd have some trouble doing some of the n64 games unless well no they
wouldn't because they'd probably have enough memory built in for instead of
the expansion port but I don't see them going the route of doing an n64 classic
but we'll see I feel like Nintendo is gonna why ride this wave another year
one way or another so we'll see really they're riding on the coattails of Atari
mm-hmm you know with the Atari flashback mm-hmm it's it's stuff that's already
been done it's just finally they're like oh there's call for it let's do it all
right well so to talk a little bit more specifically about what's going on in
the news and the blogs about the SNES classic this week it sounds like overall
the experience is going better for people and granted everybody's issue is
different because like even I notice in chat over at live dog network calm we
have everyone got a mini but me man which I think is break man so I think
there are some people that are still frustrated I do hear Amazon made a big
screw-up that messed some people over so I think some people are still salty
about that and I acknowledge that I get that but it sounds like the big picture
is a lot less people are salty this time there were salty about the NES classic
and I think those that are salty now if if they want to still I mean some people
may just say you know what fuck fuck this whole thing and bow out and that's
fine but those that want to stick with it I think probably will end up with an
SNES classic you know sooner rather than later so I kind of feel like the vibe
out there is genuinely you know positive us gamer kind of did a little
compilation compiling of all these different stories kind of looking at
different boards and things like that and people overall were pretty much
saying you know it was it was way better basically this time things things were
doing better this time you know the lines were there but you know it was
kind of manageable most people were able to get one if they showed up even you
know an hour beforehand or what have you you didn't have to camp out all night
although of course many people did especially at places like the official
Nintendo store and some of that stuff so anyhow also I'm noticing in chat
they're talking about how Mario is missing is really not that great of a
game it's not it's edutainment it's for small children yeah I know it was it's
uh it's the Donkey Kong jr. math of the Super Nintendo era it's like it's
trying to be where in the world is Carmen Sandiego with Mario but that's
actually a really good analogy and but but Carmen Sandiego you could type and
you can't really do that on super yeah that's what makes it but you see what I
mean though yeah it's meant to be secret you know education ooh do you want to
talk a little bit here I know we've addressed it but you want to talk a
little bit here about the Star Fox thing at the top of the list there oh yeah
Star Fox um so the the ROMs already been dumped you knew how is this I mean I'm
saying this tongue-in-cheek obviously it is news it made all the wires up there
but I'm saying it tongue-in-cheek how is this news because hackers are gonna hack
we all know that right it's it's we knew it was gonna happen right away how
quickly did they get the the nest mini figured out oh before it was on shelves
just like this pretty much thing somebody took one of those things home
early that was in a store somewhere that had a connection and dumped it before
the thing was even out well and also they got it extracted to a dev cart mm-hmm
and they had an RGB modded SNES hooked up and also the dev cart they has is
super FX to dev cart and got it running on a Super Nintendo so it works there's
a video of it and everything so I am completely not surprised and you know
the one thing I'm waiting for is to see now how much capacity for you know more
games does it have on it how how how much longer until they figure out how to
get more games loaded on it or create like a ROM loader or something like that
so only a matter of time probably not too long I hear a lot of the technology
in there is very similar to what already exists on the NES mini so I'm sure that
I think they think they've already had some there's like a whole reddit
dedicated to the hacking the Super Nintendo classic and I think they've
already had some type of like limited success with it so probably I would say
I don't know if I would go in and hack mine today but I'll give it a month or
two for everything to kind of iron out and then we'll see I'm kind of torn on
the issue because you know a do I really need to do that be do I want to you know
quote unquote taint the collectible I guess for lack of better term by doing
that to it so I don't know I'm gonna kind of just give it a couple months and
see what I want to do but no and I I'll share the video with everyone in the
chat room because it's just neat the guys shows the cartridge he has and
everything and then loads up the game and it works on a Super Nintendo so hey
Tiger claw and chat over at live dog network comm says sky but first try to
beat every single game on the SNES mini before you do that you know it's funny
I have good luck with Contra I've beaten a lot of them prior but yeah I mean I
think it would be fun it would be if I'm sure I'm not the only one I'm sure I'm
by far not the only one thinking this there's probably hundreds of people
doing this but I thought it would be a fun little like streaming thing to
actually stream beating you know all the games on there at least the ones that I
can do you're right I don't know if I can do Contra 3 but I'll try I can try
but some of those games are gonna take a while like you know don't forget guys
things like Final Fantasy 3 6 I know but 3 in this case Final Fantasy 3 and Secret
of Mana those games are hours and hours and hours those games are still long
games just because they're retro did not suddenly make them faster you know
unless you unless you're speedrunning them but I'm not a speedrunner that's
not what I would do with them I would play them as if I was playing them for
the first time I'm gonna have to check the date on this one because there's a
I mean I know that beta 64 is done one on star yeah this is the old one I was
hoping that beta 64 would do an updated video of Star Fox 2 you know now that we
have a release of it but I don't know because I liked watching the old the old
video all right I also learned something new yeah that the Super
Nintendo in Australia looks like the Super Famicom oh does it that's the one
the one in Europe looks like that too doesn't it yeah yeah same yeah I didn't
know it until I didn't even realize it until I saw my friends I would I think
those are cute and I wouldn't mind getting one of those but I think it's
it's the exact same game lineup I think yeah I think so I think the one in Japan
is different just like the NES classic had some different titles in it like
for example I know let's see I'm actually pulling it up I know Legend of
the Mystical Ninja was on the go him on going on you know and that that is on
the Japanese one I'm actually trying to pull up to see what the changes were
that they made okay so for our version Japan does not have earthbound Kirby's
Dream Course Street Fighter 2 turbo Super Castlevania 4 and Super Punch-Out
those are unique for us Japan does not have those but Japan has these five
instead going on they have Super Street Fighter 2 the new challengers that's
weird we got Street Fighter 2 turbo they got Super Street Fighter 2 that's kind
of weird but that's how it worked Japan also got super soccer paneled upon and
fire emblem mystery of the emblem those are pretty yeah epic though for I'm
really surprised not get mother too and we have that I guess I don't know that
it was as big of a deal yeah I guess though as far as RPGs go you're right it
probably was that fire m1 was just like the way bigger deal whereas you know
earthbound was pretty big here even though the Nintendo still continues to
rob us of Earth Mother 3 earthbound to everyone call it so anyway all right hey
we talked about games that aren't just Super Nintendo we do play other games
too so let's before we get into the rest of this week's gaming news let's talk
about how is your gaming week and the types of video games that you've been
playing this week so dark soccer oh did you get to play some games well actually
really the past two weeks you were here yeah um I well it's like I I mentioned
before I bought clubhead haven't had a chance to start it yet but I'm really
looking forward to that because that's the game I've been waiting for for a
while um I I quit Wow a couple of weeks ago what else did I play I'm still
playing idle pouring on my phone because it's actually ridiculously fun and how
it's like all of the parts of an MMO without actually having to play it if
that makes sense I mean you play it but you don't have to do the running around
annoying part and you know your quests are kind of different so I'm also I'm
still kind of playing me Tomo and Pokemon go I participated in a raid all
by myself and it was my first raid ever and it was the one around the corner
from Rob's house that I did on the way here did you it was it like a magic
carp or something no it was a bay leaf okay so like one of the one stars that
you can do by yourself and I caught him to good job with whatever that white
ball is premier ball you know whatever it's white white balls at least it's not
wrinkly your milky white balls yes okay um I also I got danganronpa v3 and I
started it but I think I'm going to stream all the parts of it that I do so
I will be playing it a lot more slowly than I wanted to but and I was thinking
because I was I started it on a Wednesday because I started with the
demo which I still need to finish the demo I'm not gonna do the demo trial I'm
just gonna play it on my own but I'm gonna start with v3 I was supposed to do
it on Wednesdays but I'm going to see gorillas on Wednesday oh shut up where
at San Francisco oh it's gonna be fun cuz my friend Crystal got an extra
ticket oh and I couldn't the same crystal I know yeah yes same crystal I
know right yeah uh-huh um got got an extra ticket and so I was like hell yeah
I want to go so we're like we're going like heck yeah awesome so I wanted to
see gorillas for like 12 fucking years so it's happening boo yeah so and they
do it just for people that are like isn't that a cartoon man they yes they
do like the hologram they do the um to pocket Coachella thing right they know
how they're doing it for this one oh really the one that they did last year
was like they used to have like the big screen and everyone playing behind the
screen Hatsune Miku it's like a Hatsune Miku if they do it if they do it hollow
like that and then I get to see Damon Auburn in person I'm like oh so I'll be
happy because I was also a big blur fan in the 90s but not to digress too much
from the game thing I we got a pinball we got a pinball mm-hmm we got a
medieval madness congrats dates the re-release it's got like the color LCD
screen and all that and what the digital screen and it's got like the black trim
on it it's I think one of the tournament editions but I kind of beat Dan on the
game today like I don't beat Dan at pinball like ever and I beat him by like
a million points today it was pretty fun and we're having to fix Star Trek so but
yeah we have a medieval madness in our living room now fun the collection grows
I'd like to go to Disneyland but Dan keeps buying pinball tables I'm just
giving him a hard time I super I super love pinball and I really you know if
they redid theater of magic oh heck yeah mm-hmm I I have like three or four the
table is so fucking good sorry I want theater magic of the four that are on my
list huh it would be theater magic huh it would be bright of pinbot 2.0 it's
the one that's got the conversion in it that has like the extra modes and
everything mm-hmm black rose the one with a cannon and everything and I'd
really like a Big Bang bar but those are even the repros are expensive so I think
you know I don't collect pinball machines yet wink but I think my dream
list would be baby Pac-Man baby Pac-Man pinbot the original I used to have one
and the theater magic I think that's on almost everybody's list magic is
expensive now it's a great table though and probably ten grand for one magic is
Scheherazade I think or what was the genius share what does that one the that
went with a big lamp in the middle that spins I'll look it up I think it was
though like magic of Scheherazade yeah something like that so that's and that
that one I really like to Oh maybe Adams family Adams family is good but it is
pricey it is well it's so like I know I'm naming a bunch of cliche tables but
these are like these are my memories from you know many years ago and well
don't forget people in California the Golden State pinball festivals coming up
next year not all the way for next year I'll mark my count in Lodi Wow okay it
was it we used to be Pinagogo in Dixon yeah and the owner of the event I think
sold it or gave it to somebody else and so they moved to Lodi in an
air-conditioned facility that doesn't have corn pollen in it thank you God for
it's now like Golden State pinball Expo or something I'll get news for it and
post it and our to see it points out in our chat room at live dog network calm
surely they have pins it it's a bunch of pinball absolutely but Golden State
pinball festival is pinball yeah exclusive yes all right anything else
for your gaming week no all right I'll talk about my gaming week then I will
I'll be a little I'm gonna do pinball too but I'll be a little less on it than
dark soccer but I did play because it just came out this week pinball FX 3
just came out and so I downloaded it on Steam and if you didn't already know it
imports a lot of the stuff that worked with pinball FX 2 I think some of the
license stuff doesn't totally carry over but I mean like the Marvel stuff does
the Star Wars stuff does there's a lot of it that does come over so that's
pretty cool so I was you know playing some of those tables and so it's kind of
like well what's different what's new about it well they have some more like
competitive modes which I thought was cool is that you can do like a little
tournament which was excuse me very similar to the Bethesda pinball app
which some of those tables are in a separate app on iPhone and Android where
you can kind of like play other people and if you beat their score you get
season ranking points you're basically playing like a seasonal challenge type
thing and I thought that was cool so I was playing a little bit of that so yeah
I dabbled in but but the problem is I can't do every table in the season
because I don't own all the tables so that's you know pinball FX if you didn't
already know is free to play except you don't I don't know if it comes with any
tables for free I think you can demo tables all of them for free but you have
to actually purchase tables a la carte but one of the humble bundles a year or
two ago had like 15 tables in one of the humble bundles and that's where I think
I built my PC collection I have a pretty decent collection on PlayStation 4 as
well but you know just from what I've collected over that era but thanks that
humble bundle I have a ton on PC as well and Bobby Blackwolf and chat pointing
out that sorcerers lair is free so there is one free one in there so that's
pretty cool that they give you at least one and that is one of the tables that's
in the tournament right now so you can even participate in the tournament just
with the free tables that's pretty cool so I played a little bit of that I want
to tell this story so I went I'm so tired today you guys because I took a
trip yesterday to San Francisco and part of it was Rocky Horror related so I was
up really late last night supporting the show over there but what we did earlier
in the day when my pal JD who's been on the show before we took a trip over to
Oakland and we actually went to the Museum of Art and Digital Entertainment
which I never been to before I guess it's been around for like years and I
not been over there but they were having their sixth anniversary special and JD
found out about it on Facebook it was like Rob there's like a video game
museum in Oakland I was like there is oh yeah I think I have heard of this and we
just never fucking been so we went and it was cool like it's just um it's a lot
of like it was basically okay dark Sakura imagine if your vault was the
size of the house and you let strangers come in to play whatever games they
wanted that was kind of the museum which I thought was kind of neat so but I was
I was in problems but there's a part of me that's kind of like man what's the
security like in this place because there's a lot of stuff that's not behind
glass cases and I was like there's a lot of games on there they must have
something that they don't they don't share the secrets with but yeah I had a
good time when I went over and just you know looking at all the classic stuff
and I did get my hands on something I did play even though there were quite a
few people there I couldn't play everything but I did play and I know the
first words out of Jamie's mouth watch are gonna be like why don't you just come
over and play that at my house but the thing that I played was pac-man on a
Atari 800 computer I don't have one really an Atari 800 okay by the way the
game you're thinking of is tales of the Arabian Nights oh that's because
Scheherazade was an RPG on the NES yes I can see how I get those two confused I
love I knew Scheherazade okay tales of Arabian Nights that is it thank you for
correcting me on that okay but anyway uh where was I so pack I we played pac-man
on the Atari 800 because why not it was available and it was like hey this is
old and it was actually it's it's a decent translation of pac-man believe it
or not so yeah all right so yeah I had a good time at the museum so props to
those guys over in Oakland they are located in Oakland at 3400 Broadway you
can check out more information at the maid org I might reach out to them to
see if we can get one of those guys on the show in the coming weeks to talk a
little more about what it is they do over there because I thought it was
pretty cool because one of the things I liked most about it was that I saw a lot
of like people my age and their 30s late 30s bringing their kids and introducing
their kids to old games so it's like you're gonna play pac-man the way I
played pac-man I thought that was really cool you're gonna cry just like we did
exactly so yeah I thought I thought that was really cool so props to those
guys um as far as other stuff I don't know if I played a lot of other new
stuff I guess two small things on Nintendo switch because they released a
ton of stuff on Nintendo switch this week so I did pick up Mario Brothers in
the arcade archives because you remember a couple weeks ago and Nintendo did that
Nintendo direct and they mentioned that hey this arcade archives thing that's
been all these neo geo games we're gonna expand that to Nintendo made arcade
games from you know 83 and 84 in that era so Mario Brothers is the first one
they put out and yes Mario Brothers has been out in several forms it was on the
NES and then they it's it's in like it's in every frickin Mario advance they've
done since then but nothing seems to recreate the original quite so well
especially down to the sounds and the fact that the sound in that game was
actually kind of garbage but that was the charm of it was that it was so
garbage that the coin noises it's just like really like messed up but it's
that's part of the charm of it it really took me back to being at the roller rink
and playing arcade games and dating myself but what my roller rink game was
right no I forget Frogger oh to the day that I can't play Frogger well unless
I'm on roller skates my biggest one was spy hunter which always cracked me up
because I had the pedal with roller skates exactly we had a stand-up pole
position there but it was always broken um the Babalu in Dothan Alabama and then
I also bought p-cross on the Nintendo switch I think it's called p-cross s is
the actual name of it but I thought it's a cheap little game and it's one of
those nice little games that's like oh I can pull the switch out while I'm like
lying in bed and this is a good game to be able to play before I fall asleep but
I need to stop I need to stop buying new games because it's fucking holding me
back from finishing Samus Returns and this is an issue I need to go back and
finish Samus Returns but there's one other game I got pulled into this week
that I need to mention one other quick thing because it was one of those games
was like I didn't play enough of this a year ago and it came out so I'm gonna
just fucking fall down the rabbit hole hard this week and I played a lot of it
over the last weekend and stuff last weekend not this weekend but the week
before civilization six that's right remember civilization and how addicted
we all get to that game and somehow I only played it a little bit when it
first came out but then I just kind of resisted and there was all this other
games coming out and I was able to stay away from it well this week I was kind
of sitting there looking at steam and civ6 started saying come play me
actually do you know what it really was do you know what it was that brought me
back to civilization that made me think about it I don't know if you guys have
watched Star Trek discovery yet but the opening credits made me think of
civilization I don't know why but they did like just like that the animation
made me think of like the intro to like Civ 4 or something like I don't know
this weird like connect in my mind I was like I need to go play civilization and
I do that I do that sometimes do you guys ever do that have you ever seen
like a movie or something and it's like it's not as like it's not necessarily
like you go see Resident Evil and you're like I need to play Resident Evil like I
remember when I went and I saw the movie stardust in theaters I immediately had
to come home and play Elder Scrolls Oblivion like have you ever had like
something like trigger you to go like I need to play that game kind of would do
anything you can think of I'm looking at our chat over at live dot vog network
calm to see if anybody has one although I know we're a little delay no but
crawl made me want to play D&D which one crawl I saw it in the theater as a kid
but every time I see it I just want to break out you know the rule book and
find people who want to do you know second edition with me everyone got a
mini but me man in chat says I watched Friday the 13th and wanted to go home
and play operation actually you know what I always won't play splatter house
oh yeah why the stupid Friday the 13th game splatter fucking house splatter
house splatter house kind of was Friday the 13th wink wink not it was much
better than the game that had the name on it I love the NES one I don't give a
fuck like I know people hate on the game all the time and I understand it is not
a good game let me make that clear but there's a certain charm to it I just I
can't get away from it's so good all right anyhow uh let's move on I want to
talk a little more about some announcements here and then we'll get
into some gaming news so you can always follow us on twitter twitter.com slash
olr we're also on facebook facebook.com slash orange lounge radio I think we
don't have any shows off scheduled in the coming weeks so we should be here
maybe Veterans Day I'm thinking over that holiday in November it's around
November 11th 12th maybe gone that weekend but unsure yet so we'll keep it
posted because that's still over a month away so meanwhile we are gonna get into
some gaming news let's do it let's start off tonight Loki's not here tonight so
I'll start off tonight and let's oh what going you said the Loki's not here I
know it's sad it is sad all right I'm still cuter he'll be back he'll be back
next week so it sounds like folks that are in the Nintendo creators program I
don't know if you remember this but this is a program that Nintendo wanted people
to sign up for to basically validate their YouTube streams and enter a sort
of revenue share with Nintendo and it was the way that Nintendo was going to
stop basically like copyright claiming your videos all the time and and doing
the monetization and that I am really oversimplifying the situation here for
time so sorry but apparently folks that are in that program actually got sent an
email talking about that live streams can no longer be done what yeah
Nintendo's creator program sent an email that goes like this thank you for using
the Nintendo creators program we've updated the Nintendo creators program
user guide with information on how revenue generated during live stream
broadcasts on YouTube will be handled in the Nintendo creators program live
streaming on YouTube falls outside the scope of the Nintendo creators program
this means that you cannot broadcast content on YouTube live from the account
that you've registered to the Nintendo creators program please check the user
guide for details thank you for your support blah blah blah blah blah like so
what what does Nintendo have against their content creators doing live
streams and that I guess is the piece that I'm not really figuring out like
why did they maybe you guys know in our chat room over at live.vognetware.com
but why did Nintendo suddenly decide to pull the plug on this did something go
on where maybe like in a live stream something kind of nefarious and bad was
going on and bad words were said and things like that during a Nintendo game
and maybe Nintendo can't really monitor that stuff effectively I'm not sure what
it is I feel like it's got to be a control thing at the end of the day yeah
and that's what dark to see in our chat room kind of things over at live.vognetware.com
maybe live streams are harder to police I'm really not sure
Kaijuto says this this freaking streaming out tube game cutscenes BS is
getting out of hand let's see vidpower in chat says does
Nintendo's policy cover twitch as well well what's interesting about that is
that the creators program wasn't for twitch it was for YouTube and all of the
content that goes up on there because that's the on-demand content and
obviously YouTube had their monetization program in advance kind of before twitch
had theirs I mean twitch had the partner program but the twitch stuff has really
blown up with the affiliation and the bits and subscribers through all that
program so I'm not sure Nintendo has figured out how to battle the whole
twitch thing or if they can but I wonder if that's not gonna be something that
doesn't happen before the end of the year maybe it's kind of starting with
this YouTube thing but certainly that's one of the places my gut goes is well
are these YouTube creators then just gonna go over to twitch although I don't
know that might be a really hard thing to do to have your audience go with you
you know like that's you don't want to risk losing your audience over a move
like that I don't know tiger claw chat says this is why streaming on YouTube
isn't a good idea to begin with everything is all nice and dandy on
twitch well I don't think YouTube would want to think they think about it like
that and then where does mixer fit into all of this and I know there's an easy
joke to make there about it doesn't because nobody in the mixer but the
reality is Microsoft is not gonna stop pushing mixer and mixer does have some
things that you know separated apart from the competition so you know we have
to consider that as well how is mixer gonna fit in all that whole equation
probably whatever ends up happening to twitch is gonna happen a mixer but we'll
see I don't know so there you go that's something that's happened I don't know
what the future holds for the streaming program Dark Sakura do you think
Nintendo needs to stop doing this to their streaming population the people
that evangelize their games or does Nintendo have the fucking right to say
our games our rules Nintendo has the right to say our games our rules but
they need to be willing to give a little bit to their fan base you know there has
to be a balance and I think that they're just taking that we need all the control
ever to all the things line that they always do so I mean it's not really a
should they or should they not it's a they've already done it it doesn't
matter what we think they should do does that make sense no no I mean totally it
does I mean you're right we can whine and bitch and moan all we want but at
the end of the day Nintendo can do do whatever they want to do with their
copyright but Jamie I guess an important you know thing to keep in mind is that
these YouTube creators then in turn have the right to ask themselves do I want to
keep supporting Nintendo or am I gonna tell them to fuck off I mean and that
will be the interesting thing as a result of this but it's I think it's
really hard for a lot of people to walk away from Nintendo because of the fact
they have such gigantic behemoth things for this Super Nintendo classic I'm sure
tons of people are streaming gameplay on all 21 of these games right now but this
would all you know be a part of that you know and when Nintendo does put out a
game like when Mario Odyssey comes out there's gonna be tons of people that
want in on that I want to watch people play it and want to stream it and so on
and so on I mean no matter what Nintendo's rules on the whole thing
might be dark Tetsuya playing a nice line here saying meet the fans in the
middle I agree though it could be worse it could be like Atlas and persona 5
which I think is still on what somewhat under embargo and he's referencing that
whole rules and restrictions that Atlas put out about we're gonna copyright
strike you if you broadcast past a certain date in game remember that whole
thing so that was a little bit too much over the edge so Tigerclaw pointing out
that people are streaming Samus Returns on Twitch and you know what's
interesting about that Tigerclaw streaming from the 3ds isn't exactly
easy to do I mean as far as I know and correct me if I'm wrong but I think you
have to modify a 3ds like you have to pay like a bit of money like hundreds of
dollars maybe like 200 $300 to mod your 3ds to put in a capture device to be
able to stream from the 3ds because it doesn't have like a built-in HDMI output
or anything like that the switch is different it has HDMI output so you can
use the same capture card that most people are using for other devices like
PlayStation 4 external of the native streaming same thing with Xbox one so
and as a live streamer on twitch twitch TV slash Rob Roberts plug plug it's easy
to straight if you have a capture card streaming on the switch is fucking easy
but I can't do the 3ds yeah and Tiger cloud points out you modify your 3ds or
you can buy a 3ds with a capture device installed exactly as its cost it costs a
bit more money and the reason why I point that out is that like these fans
on Twitch are paying more money to be able to stream Nintendo's games now
granted you know some of the more successful ones get their bits and
their subscribes and they're you know high viewer counts and their money they
get their money back on that investment it's a business investment for some
people but for many makes it a tax write-off for many it's not well if you
have the paperwork filed to have your own business yeah as your streaming
business as a business I would wonder how many of twitches top streamers
actually have registered LLCs you'd be surprised you think it was on like one
of the you know how to monetize your twitch things I was looking at I guess
when you get to a certain point somebody probably approaches you and
says have you thought about this for I guess that probably happens to a lot of
people I don't know I'll never get there what do I know although it would to be
fair vog is an LLC and Bobby really figured a lot of that stuff out that I
couldn't figure out but we do have that business end of things but we're not
really making money off this venture we just have it so that when we try to
approach conventions for sponsorships and things like that people know we're
serious that we are a business and that we're not just you individuals so we
have it more for the you know being able to have formal paperwork sort of thing
formalizing a lot of things and yeah and hopefully in the future maybe some extra
stuff yeah and Bobby's pointing out you do have an LLC well yes I know what but
that's see Bobby I don't have my own LLC that's a little difference a little
difference there all right anyway let's move on more Nintendo fuckery right
yeah well the Wii shop channel is going to be shutting down in 2019 January so
that is a year and a few months you know coming down the line and that means that
all of the virtual console titles that are there to be purchased will be going
away right alongside it including you know games like Kirby's
avalanche act razor Super Smash Brothers already you know going away and
then when it goes you won't be able to buy those games anymore I don't know
anything about still being able to play them but you won't be able to buy them
anymore and of course there's no virtual console on the switch so I think that
that might be where all these minis are coming from you know to corner the
market on it so it's it's sad but not unsurprising you know sad yeah it's it's
also kind of that whole like shock of here is the digital era that we live in
when we buy all this stuff online the reality that someday these stores are
gonna close and that's kind of the scary part of this is that you know if you
bought all these games online I mean you're not gonna be able to download
them again after now granted after 2019 on what will essentially be a 13 year
old console at that point but Jamie you as a console collector now I guess the
easy answer is you don't buy a lot of stuff online I'm sure you don't because
you know you get the cartridges and stuff but there's a lot of stuff you
could only buy online you know there's there was you know releases on we shop
that were only online for example the after years Final Fantasy for the after
years yeah that was only on the we shop and I'm not gonna be able to download
that anymore so it's like if I have memory loss on my little cartridge or
some type of rot or something like that I don't know or it damages them out it's
gone forever yeah that's kind of kind of scary I don't know I mean I guess in the
reality you could lose a cartridge the same way but still I don't know it's
just I guess sometimes we think like oh we'll be able to access these games
whenever we want but that doesn't really end up holding true what do you
think it's a collector about that does that kind of like irritate you that
there's not gonna be any way to download these games again or is it just one of
those well it just is more incentive to get backups on SD cards as fast as
possible um I just think it's sad you know it's it's taking away a service I
mean for the people who've already paid for it I think they're just like oh well
sorry we got your money fuck you some comments in chat over at live dog
network comm stop he points out that blaster master sequel was only on the
e-store that's true even though blast master zero is better but certainly you
know you still the completionist want to visit all the games let's see Bob coffee
and chat says after years got released on steam and PSP as part of its Final
Fantasy 4 part if it port if I recall correctly I believe force the steam
release I can't remember the PSP one but for the steam release that was done in
the 3d style the one that was on the Wii was still the sprite based it was like
it looked like a fucking ROM hacked Final Fantasy 2 you know what I mean
cartridge is what it looked like on the Wii shop so it was kind of different on
steam and you know some people want to see one way versus the other you know so
Tigerclaw points out excite bike world rally was a game that I bought on the
Wii shop I bought some Castlevania game on the Wii shop that was a remake I
think of the Gameboy game that they put on the Wii shop at one point and so that
will be gone forever here's the other thing to realize too is that some of the
games on here they aren't just Nintendo games I mean you've got at the Alex Kidd
series you've got a lot of the the Neo Geo games so these are the virtual
console games that will no longer be available because they're not on Wii U
eShop which is different Wii U eShop is different any of that stuff yeah
Castlevania Rondo of blood hmm which good luck finding the PC Engine version
y'all unless the switch gets all this well there was the re-release but I mean
like the original yeah but I mean a lot of us kind of wonder oh well maybe the
switch will come in D the switch will compensate for a lot of this stuff going
away but things will have to be re-licensed agreements will have to be
remade and maybe they won't be able to get an agreement to put out Rondo of
blood again who knows so was I have a feeling because we live in the day and
age where Star Fox 2 was dumped to a cartridge before the Super Nintendo
Classic was released we live in a day and age where and it this is really
probably already out there I just don't go out there and find it but I'm
confident it's out there there's probably just a Wii emulator on your PC
that you can someday put on a Raspberry Pi maybe you can't now but you will
someday and all of these games that were on the eShop one day will have backups
available online that are open to be able to play on emulators like I'm I'm
confident that sort of technology to at least do it on the PC has got to already
be there I just haven't gone looking for it on the dark web or whatever you want
to call it so uh guys you doing chat says so where is the Wii shop on the
Wii yes we're talking specifically about the Nintendo Wiis built-in shop
that will no longer you can't buy or use anything on it after 2019 with early
2019 and you're not even gonna be able to add points so you can buy anything
new after March of 2018 so you have now from now until March 2018 to get
everything you ever wanted off that shop and that's it it closes after that and
then it stays up for a basically another year so you can download backups and
that's about it so all right um the entire class says I'm sure it will be
possible since those games can be transferred to an SD card absolutely now
the Wii U the eShop on Wii U that is staying open we don't know I have any
word about that at this time but the reason why you keep seeing the Wii U in
news stories about this is because every Wii U has a Wii in it you can do the
backwards compatibility thing and you launch it in Wii mode and that includes
a Wii shop on your Wii U because it's a full Nintendo Wii emulator so that's why
you keep seeing that it's shutting down on the Wii U as well because it's the
emulator part of it you're gonna be able to use so that's that's why it's all
kind of together like that so all right in case you know says I thought the Wii
shops been closed already maybe there's many people that can already think that
so I mean you know to be fair when was last time you turned on your Nintendo
Wii it's been a very very long time yeah I only use it now to play GameCube
games because I have the older Wii that can play GameCube games because all my
Wii data is on my Wii U I move pretty much that once we got our Wii U yeah
moved everything over exactly so I don't really have anything on the Wii with the
regular Wii anymore except the fact it's the only way I can play f-zero GX in my
house because I don't even have a GameCube right now so but I'll take it all
right and dark Tetsuya points out well aren't the Wii U switch and 3ds don't
they all connect to the same store the e-shop that's a good point maybe I know
because they do call it the e-shop across all the platforms I don't know if
3ds shop and switch e-shop and all that stuff are different but maybe we won't
see this problem for the Wii U as quick as we think we might but anyway let's
move on with some more news so don't spend too much time on things going away
in a year and a half steam valve the guys behind steam taken on some fake
games that were listed in steam 173 games removed from steam most of them
made by a company called silicon echo studio and you can't buy them but if you
happen to own one of these games you can still play them however no more trading
cards will be available so if you bought it you can play the game but the games
themselves are gone and the reason why I guess this whole thing went down is
because the same company that owned this silicon echo and zonotron productions
they were doing unity asset flips on steam and very cheap bundles outside of
steam so all these the money they were basically getting was the trading card
stuff so they were just basically you know throwing a bunch of garbage unity
stuff together and then having the trading cards spit out and that's where
they were essentially making their money was that whole thing and so people
that wanted to boost their profile levels and really get into the trading
card game and all that stuff that they would buy these really you know junk
games to do it that's crazy so yeah cracking down on the
proc practices is basically the reason for the policy valve saying that these
games were removed from a few different steamworks accounts that were all run by
the same person in valves full statements they said yes we have a
full-time team monitoring reports then they identified an issue that led to the
removal of some titles from a few different steamworks accounts these
accounts are generating generating a lot of reports and frustration from
customers and other developers it turns out the bad actors were all the same
person operating under different accounts so steam trying to clean all
the poop out of their store basically and also just a quick follow-up here in
our chat over at live dog network calm Rama says the e-shops are web-based so
they're shutting down the app and the links that to that specific shop for
that console most likely each different e-shop leads to a mobile site that's
probably true considering that the switch basically has a web browser in it
you just don't have the full power of it unlocked yet yeah and Bobby black wolf
pointing out that my we died before I got a Wii U I lost all my saves and
never transferred data my fiance has a we because she got a lot of the fitness
games she showed me today she was like 20 we fitness games but that's not
surprising because that was some of the bread and butter of the we and what they
sold a lot of those fitness games to register participation for this week's
episode of orange andreide with vog network.com use the passphrase cherry
anyhow let us move on dark soccer this has been one that affects several people
that we know I mean first-hand that the SAG after a strike is tentatively over
the strike's been going on for a year now since last October and they put out
a press release saying that the agreement that they have right now will
give them additional bonuses based on the number of recording sessions per
game with $75 payments for the first session going up to 2100 after 10
sessions and that the payment is due no later than the release date of a game
which is good because that gives them a significant increase to what they were
making per per session and you know we'll also because I mean think about it
your voice is your tool in that field and if you are having to change the way
you speak or you know you're playing a murder victim in some game yeah you're
doing damage to yourself and so yeah it should be compensated and they're also
working on providing provisions for health issues like vocal stress and you
know how there's a habit of finding people for being late or distracted at a
session session and another one that would have required agents support their
perform submit their performers for atmospheric voice sessions or face fines
and those those sessions are really low-paying anyway so it's a lot of it is
they're really working on just again trying to make voice actors as protected
as other workers yeah so it's you know it's kind of scary how much we didn't
really hear about this like it was really kind of you know when it first
happened we were talking a lot about it and then and I say we not to just mean
us here olr but I mean just like the the gaming blog world and then it's kind of
like it just the issue disappeared for a long time and I don't know if we've
really seen the full effects of this yet I mean we have a little bit like for
example there's a new voice actor actress in life is strange the prequel
right cuz the one from before couldn't come back I don't know if we've seen the
full brunt of that yet but you know it's it's I'm happy this finally got
resolved because you know who knows what games in 2019 would look like without
the voice you know with Jennifer Hale not be able to do them or Nolan North or
some of the you know big names that you come to know so it would definitely be
sad but I would much rather see voice actors paid their true worth I'd rather
see them valued for the amazing work that they do I'm glad they worked it out
are working it out it's not complete yet okay but you know like it says it's
tentative all right yeah I'm glad they're almost there all right well
moving on to one more thing before we get to the classic game or is it system
of the week let's get into a story about Atlas and DMCA takedowns and persona 5
but it's not what you think it's not the whole YouTube streaming thing we were
talking about earlier this is a little bit different this is an emulation group
called Nikko tikina I hope I'm saying that or no neko technica I think is that
sorry I've totally read that wrong the first time neko technica I think would
be their name and these guys actually had a patreon page that they were
running for a game for a piece of software called RPC s3 it was a ps3
emulator being used to play persona 5 and so they basically were able to get
this emulator to work to basically be able to play persona 5 on your PC they
actually put up a blog post over atlas to justify why this action was necessary
but like if you're gonna go to patreon and ask for money for this type of stuff
you got to really watch how you're selling this type of stuff I'm totally
like I don't I don't even need the statement from atlas to understand what
happened here and it's kind of like the whole thing with the Super Mario 64 and
Nintendo going after them like I don't like Nintendo going after these products
but when they go to patreon and essentially ask for money and they're
kind of bold enough to tie the intellectual property from these
companies to the patreon like I'm sorry but what did you think was gonna happen
especially with a company like Nintendo or in this case atlas which we know is
covered bases that are in a different ballgame yeah that's really the heart of
it dar tazuya and chats as a patreon I'm surprised Sony hasn't gone after them in
that case huh anyway atlas in their statement said we don't want their
players first experiences to be frame rate drops or crashes or other issues
that can crop up an emulation that we have not personally overseen we
understand that many persona fans would love to see a PC version and while we
don't have anything to announce today we are listening for now the best way to
experience persona 5 is on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3 and they actually can
again they kind of go out of there I think they do more than Nintendo usually
does in these cases to say we appreciate the buzz and awareness that the
emulation communities to see this but and nowhere in their statement did they
say but it's fucking illegal yeah so you know although well I should I should
let me let me correct myself before the people jump all over what I just said
the practice of the emulation itself the emulator isn't necessarily illegal right
but it's when you tie these popular games and you're kind of implying that
you know you use these to play these games and and then putting it on your
patreon and all that stuff you that's when you get yourself into trouble you
have to stick to homebrew stick to homebrew underground PlayStation 3 games
homemade you know that weren't ever licensed by Sony in the first place
that's the best way to pitch your emulator now I want to see what this
emulators like were you able to find it somewhere no well no I I mean I'm just
kind of curious about of course I'm still you know trying to get my brain
figuring out how to play planet Harriers yeah Bobby Blackwell says at least stick
to homebrew on the patreon page I mean the interesting thing about this and to
be fair to the emulator team and all this stuff because again I don't want to
sound like a complete asshole to what these guys are doing my assumption of
this whole thing is that you have to have the persona 3 excuse me persona 3
persona 5 disc to put in your computer's blu-ray player to be able to emulate it
so you know and that's what atlas is also taking issue with is that because
the emulators kind of choppy that actual disc is coming through kind of choppy
because it was not meant to be played on your PC it was meant to be played on a
PlayStation 3 so it's the emulator people were not really encouraging you
to steal games but by putting the games IPs in their emulator it is kind of
encouraging people to do something that Alice doesn't want them to do so because
I think technically it isn't the end-user license agreement although we
all know that's a bit of a gray area and Bobby Blackwell said they actually give
instructions on how to dump it on the patreon and that was the part that Atlas
was upset about they gave you instructions on how to dump either the
blu-ray or the digital download from your PlayStation 3 hard drive well
that's that is the giant fucking problem right there period dungeon buster in
chat says but if I own the original copy of the game my ps3 dies and I still want
to play it I'm just screwed no get yourself an emulator dungeon buster just
get yourself an emulator that doesn't put a patreon page up saying how to dump
commercial games and putting pictures of those commercial games over it does that
make sense so all right let's move on to the classic game of the week that
with those first emulators that came out for those classic games although this
week we have a twist because once a month dark soccer likes to dump into the
gaming dump jump into the gaming vault take a big no I she she dumps all her
games out off the shelf anyway that's the cat once a month she likes to find a
system that she thinks is worthy of your attention and a little mini
programming note tonight this is actually September's console of the
month because reasons dark soccer was gonna do it last week but she was out
last week so we no longer it was not able to do this so this is this is one
day late this is a tardy and do classic game but I had the flu so this is a
tardy entry for September's classic system of the month yeah yeah all right
here it is what is the classic system of the month the Panasonic Q also
sometimes known as just Q and game Q and of course you put Animal Crossing as the
music here oh shit of course you did yeah so this is basically the game turn
it up a bit you picked the GameCube tonight I think the GameCube but you're
you're making a hipster by picking the hipster GameCube is what you did it was
cool I wouldn't mind having one actually it actually is cool but I'll
let you talk about it and it's a hybrid GameCube and DVD player that was
manufactured by Panasonic be it only came out in Japan and it was meant to do
what the Xbox and PlayStation 2 were doing which as in have a commercial DVD
you know playback function instead of just using the Nintendo optical discs
the Q was actually licensed by Nintendo to Panasonic as Panasonic made actually
it wasn't necessarily a Panasonic it was a result of a deal that was a broker
between much yeah I miss said that much cheetah who owned Panasonic and Nintendo
and so when Nintendo said that they could produce the optical disc drives
that they had an agreement allowing Matsuda to produce a DVD system with the
ability to play GameCube games so it went into production on December 13 well
it was released on September sorry December 13 2001 for roughly four
hundred and thirty nine dollars u.s. and ceased production on December 18 2003
because not a lot of people bought it so it has a backlit LCD screen a front
loading slot trade that actually had a lot of problems with it because of the
rubber band in the motor would get brittle and snap but it had sound output
in Dolby Digital 5.1 or DTS a separate subwoofer with a subwoofer boost and a
really nice stainless steel chassis it came with gray controllers that had the
Panasonic brand on it the thing is cool is that when you plug them in the little
lights around the controller ports light up blue so it says blue on you know this
polished steel finish and it was really neat but because of the legs it had on
the bottom it actually had a special Panasonic Q Game Boy player that was
designed specifically for it whereas the GameCube had you know its own version
but yeah there was actually the buttons that are on the front of it it has one
of the ones that I thought was neat is it has a surround sound virtualizer to
it which you know it just boosts the channel output does sound like surround
sound you know it's got your typical DVD buttons on it's got memory card ports on
the side but I do like that it has like a bass boost another neat thing that it
does now I've watched videos of DVD playback on it there's like a cinema
mode that changes the illumination on the screen you know how it displays the
video but there's also a dialogue booster which makes of course dialogues
or whatever channel the dialogue might be in stand out from the background
noise no surprise that Panasonic would have all these sound altering things
right because that's kind of you know something they're known for that's one
thing that I thought was really neat about it especially I was thinking about
people who like a problem that I have sometimes is that if there's too much
sound or like for example you have two people talking the voice all turns to
mush for me you just like like the teachers in you know Charlie Brown
specials and something like that would be wonderful to have but and on top of
that too just it's a sharp looking little system it's you know it's got
that steel body with the the clear cover around it it has that shiny front
finish and on the back too I mean the thing has got some very interesting
hookups on it hold on we have optical out we have a standard composite s video
digital AV out it really is just for its time it's really really something
else and so I you know I don't think it got a lot of appreciation you know
people either already had their DVD players at the time but then again I
know people who picked up ps2s to have a DVD player the other thing too is it
actually does have video CD capability in it too if people still have those
things so there you go all right there it is on the queue the
classic console of the month Panasonic cute the GameCube she picked the
GameCube everybody no I picked the GameCube I I actually you know the queue
is absolutely as much crap as I'm giving Jamie this is absolutely a recognizable
thing because of the fact it was like it was like this existing console that kind
of had a fresh coat of paint that was very unique that of course we didn't get
in the u.s. well and it's not the first time something like that has happened
because remember we had the sharp twin Famicom kind of the last one I can
think of yeah I think since then because there was the the Sega one that had the
Sega CD playable yeah that would have been before GameCube was that that
wasn't also Panasonic was it no remember and then sharp had the Famicom TV in
Japan the closest thing I can think of is how the PlayStation TV thing is built
into certain Sam is the Samsung TVs that have it so there that's the closest
thing I can think of yeah the JVC x I ah was the one there it is and Rama said
that he had a sharp TV ness but you know also Nintendo's licensed out you know to
sharp for the twin Famicom you know the one that had the the built-in right
business yeah I'm the built-in business I don't know what I'm saying lots of pun
sorry I was just to say lots of puns about Q in chat rage nator in chat
saying Q is a good antagonist in Star Trek the next generation as well and
then that led to a bunch of Star Trek jokes there Bobby Blackwell says I would
have bought a Q if it had come to the US vid power talking about they also made a
Panasonic branded GameCube controller to go with the Q it was all from our chat
room at live dog network calm I was actually thinking of Q from the Bond
movies oh there you go all right well we are gonna take a break but we will be
back with more of orange lounge radio we have more stories and your calls orange
lounge radio all one word on Skype if you want to call us later when we take
calls after this quick break don't go anywhere
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight on the 1st of October
2017 with episode number 702 of our show already in progress myself here
with dark Sakura sadly no Loki tonight he was sick if you haven't already heard
at the top of the show those y'all joining us live tonight hello and thanks
for being here over in our chat room at live dog vog network calm those of you
listening on the podcast feed whenever you want throughout the week appreciate
that too hope you guys are having a good week whatever it is you're doing can't
believe it's already October any Halloween plans I guess we have to start
planning for that um no I don't know do do late late late 30s and 40 something's
do things for Halloween anymore I might be doing like a charity thing oh that's
great okay that's that's a good use of time good like I don't know yeah well
maybe somebody that needs to have a charity event put on for them is Yoshi
because apparently I don't know if you heard about it this week but there was a
little bit of a thing going around the internet on some of the Twitter's and
things like that that basically Mario is in fact in Super Super Mario world
when you see Yoshi stick out his tongue you see Mario do a little thing that
looks like this and that Mario enough for those obviously on the radio I'm
kind of moving my fist down slowly but I think many of you know where I'm gonna
go with this if you are reading something internet and it kind of always
looks like Mario's going like go but it turns out according to a recent
interview on Nintendo's official site the developers the Takashi Seizuka and
Shigefumi Hino talked about the creation of this game and says that they talked
about this where they want Mario to ride something and so forth like kind of like
a horse that was kind of like a crocodile and so forth and then said in
the interview lots of people think that when Mario is pointing his finger
forward he's saying go and Yoshi's tongue comes out however the setup I
drew was that when Mario punches Yoshi in the head the characters tongue shoots
out in surprise what's more there's an added bop sound however it seemed like
people would say poor Yoshi so that's why it became that Mario is saying go so
the original artwork for that is Mario hitting Yoshi on the back of the head
that poor poor poor thing and that's why I think so many people are fans of Yoshi
because he had to put up with Mario shit for so long so stop be in chat over at
live.vognetware.com says hey Yoshi ain't no saint in the Japanese version he
eats dolphins that's true there are those dolphin monsters or whatever you
want to call them that Yoshi can eat that's true so dark soccer does this
change your world to know that all this time you've been punching Yoshi in the
back of the head I've been rocked well well I guess in a way I'm shook Rob you
get are you shooketh I am shooketh huh I shook it's I guess if you think about
when you kind of ride horses you kind of kick them a little bit like you know
there's a way there's a way to it I mean you're not just like unless you're an
asshole who wears spurs yeah yeah yeah I mean there's a there's a way to it but
you you know but still it just it kind of looks like a donkey punch but I guess
never mind I'm not gonna go there you can fill in the blanks let's get to some
rapid-fire news and cover some other news going on in the gaming industry a
little faster here talking about doom on the Nintendo switch and people wondering
if because oh well if dooms gonna be on the switch does this mean motion
controls coming to the game and the answer is no it will not be like
Splatoon where there's motion control aiming there's just gonna be the
traditional analog controls the game will not have Splatoon like controls so
this really is just a straight-up port it doesn't sound like they're doing a
lot of enhancements for the switch at least not that we know of who knows you
know Bethesda may surprise us with like a bonus level or something I always said
putting like maybe not so much now I think about it maybe not Samus I don't
think Samus would work so well in a game like doom but Ridley would so maybe
something else from the Metroid universe would show up in the game anyway
something else that many people are playing on the Nintendo switch is Sonic
Mania granted it's on a bunch of other systems as well but specifically with a
Nintendo version there is a home button issue when suspending the game so the
good news is that whole feature whatever not feature of a bug is actually being
addressed a patch is gonna be rolling out soon they haven't said when but soon
I think it might be out by now because that was a tweet on September 25th so
surely it probably came out in this past week so you can check that out so there
you go how about you dark soccer what do you have for us there's going to be a
new book come out the Legend of Zelda encyclopedia that is a 320 page
collection of information for this series up to the release of the Legend
of Zelda Twilight Princess HD that includes enemies items expansion on the
lore that was released in the Hyrule Historia concept art screenshots maps
main characters language and stuff like that including an interview with
producer a G Oh No Oh Numa so good thing there and then Stardew Valley which
people still like to play to this day and it's quite popular yes it's coming
out on switch it's been approved it's coming out you get to farm all you want
but no release date right we just know we just know it's there it's gold yeah
that's all we know it's gonna be there it's coming just hold your horses don't
punch your hold on to your ass all right let's check out travel around the world
and check out what is coming out in different countries around the world
and I'm gonna try to do the u.s. because usually Loki would do those for you but
he's not here so I will do my very best to fill in this week for Loki some of
the games you have to look forward to this week include a game on Windows Mac
and Linux called divided we fall in the second cold sept revolt comes out on the
3ds I'm looking forward to that but a big release I think a lot of you want to
play is Forza motorsports 7 that is out not just on Windows 10 but on the Xbox
one as well and of course that's gonna be one of the big you know Xbox one X
titles you also have to look forward to in the download universe axiom verge
getting a Nintendo switch port this week that's coming out on the fifth dragons
dogma dark arisen is due for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox one also in the
fifth and I don't know Jamie how about right and five director's cut the window
in PlayStation there you go lastly if you want to hold out till the sixth you
can check out two new games on the 3ds professor Layton's mysterious journey
so that's just Layton's I guess he's no longer professor Layton's mysterious
journey and then yes just like dr. Philly no longer practices and Mario and Luigi
superstar saga plus bow Bowser's minions that is out on the 3ds this week as well
so 3ds getting a few releases this week that is what's coming out in the u.s.
Jamie would you mind covering the UK while I switch over to Japanese releases
Japanese releases up okay now on October 3rd 2017 we have dragons dogma
dark arisen for Xbox one and PlayStation 4 and on October 6th Mario and Luigi
superstar saga plus Bowser's minions on 3ds
sephine and with a very important correction in our chat room thank you act
after over at live dog network calm it's lady Layton that's why it's not
professor Layton it's lady Layton in this game why can't she be a professor
well she just doesn't happen to be in this case I guess seriously she's a lady
in this game these can be smart no I mean that of course ladies can be smart
but maybe that's very dear they that's her official title I am hurt in my like
Lady Gaga I am hurt in my heart this is just Gaga's adventure all right I'm
hurt maybe she just doesn't have a degree
in it maybe in this game you get her degree my sensibilities have been where
you are shooketh all right moving on to Japanese release dates what's coming out
on PlayStation 4 in Japan how about tropical 5 the complete edition
repackaging of tropical 5 with all the add-ons overwatch the game of the year
edition comes out in Japan gets its Japanese release sniper ghost warrior
3 also released in Japan this week and the dragon's dogma darker risen that's
coming out everywhere else in the world also hitting the PlayStation 4 this week
on the PlayStation Vita you cue no tear blade fragments of memory both in a
regular and limited edition are out this week and checking up on the Nintendo
switch this week just some amiibo are coming out this week but no new actual
games on the Nintendo switch but some of the Mario amiibo are out this week
lastly on the 3ds there are that the white and lavender and black and lime 2
DS's you might have seen those pictures out there those are released in Japan
this week those are really the big releases I don't see any games for the
3ds this week but I do see those new systems mxc coming to the rescue on the
chatter about Lady Layton she's a detective so detectives don't get titles
I guess she's a lady Layton is a private dick that's what it is do you
like how I crack myself up with that dark saga they have this doll scene
figure on here where he's like in the child pose and yoga mm-hmm with his arms
like all the way across the room and I know it's the child pose because I did
yoga mm-hmm but it's so weird so you're the authority on all things yoga okay
apparently everyone's in this pose and they have a key change trap coming out
of their ass what they get cooler figures in Japan than we do here that's
what their cell phone character things things but I was like the fuck is this
why do they have ropes coming out of their ass maybe they're into that I
don't know the more you know we're gonna go to the mail bag over at participate
at orange lounge radio.com where every week dark Sakura opens up the mail bag
and finds jack shit nothing you guys didn't email us this week jack shit
that's okay we're not if we had a few spam emails at least the spammers love
us a little spam can eat jack shit too but if you want to send us an email
maybe we need lady Layton to find out what happened at the case of the missing
emails you know what what part participate at orange lounge radio.com if
you would like to send us an email and make Jamie work you better work I work
enough okay it is hard work to be as amazing as I am and to be cuter than
Loki Bobby Blackwell is asking if I check the regular mailbag account I
don't I think those emails bounce I don't think and I fix the website so if
you send something to the website it goes to the right email now so mailbag
and orange on traders shouldn't come through at all I think those bounce now
that was our old old old email address if I do need to go in there and check it
I don't know how so anyway let's move on with some more news we're gonna start
off talking about the Atari box that's right more information was announced on
the Atari box this week and I don't know about you dark Sakura I'm not
feeling this the Atari box is going to be running Linux it'll be out which is
fine that's not that's not the part about me it's gonna be on an AMD chip
it's gonna cost two hundred and fifty dollars yeah so the Atari box will be
running on Linux with an AMD processor it'll be between 250 to 300 dollars
Atari box creator and general manager I'm gonna totally mispronounce his name
and I apologize fair gal Mac said that the Atari is going to be doing a
crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo to launch the Atari box in the spring of
2018 the Atari box is gonna launch with a back catalog of classic games so the
box will make people hopefully you know want to play stuff that in past as you
know the Super Nintendo classic and stuff is done well with this but also
going to run independent games like minecraft air char and Terraria and the
things that people want to do today you will also be able to do streaming run
apps around the rows the web play music because this is basically a PC or a
Raspberry Pi a little stronger though but in an Atari box feedback from fans
on things like content colors and so forth will come into play on this so you
can look forward to that if you want to fund this on Indiegogo here's my problem
with this whole thing is that as much as they want to do the whole classic
nostalgia thing you guys know those flashback consoles that are out there's
already an Atari flashback console that I think is 60 or $70 I think there's
several models they're up to I don't know if you know this Jamie have you
seen those Atari flashback things before yeah I think I have one like in a drawer
somewhere they're fine they get the job done they're basically like the NES
classics basically but for you know sorry they're up to eight so this year
is the Atari flashback 8 do you know how many Atari cartridges we have laying
around Oh God well there were so many games right so that's why the whole
thing lived for like ever yeah no what's hardy Atari party next year by the way
oh really yeah it's tragic that is sad I'm sad but anyway in my heart you can
have an Atari party where it whenever you want if you have well if you have
all the real stuff or a flashback 8 is what they're up to now the new thing
they added this year Activision finally let them put things like kaboom and
pitfall I think is in there and hero and some of the Activision games which
really were like some of the biggest titles on the 2600 were old-school
Activision and yes that same Activision that's around today that owns Blizzard I
mean they got their start really in the 2600 era do you remember why Activision
got so popular and why so many people went to go make games for Activision
because it was a bunch of Atari people that left yeah because Activision would
properly credit their developers yeah there's that because when pitfall was
made it was David Crane's pitfall remember also oh crap what was it no it
was EA that used to do the album artwork oh and have the pictures of the
developers inside like they were abandoned everything that was cool yeah
so I guess no wonder they're in the same bed now yeah maybe act F points out
there's also a gold version of the flashback yeah that's the one drawback
is that there's like there's a flashback 8 there's a flashback 8 Activision
Edition there's a flashback 8 gold edition and like all of them have like
slightly different games on them and I don't know if it's like a gotta collect
them all type of thing but that part's kind of annoying just have one with all
the fucking games on it cuz we know that like you can fit every Atari 2600 game
like ever made on like one of those older floppy disks from the 1990s like
seriously Atari games are not that big they were what 4 kilobytes 8 kilobytes
yeah maybe the biggest ones ever were like 32 kilobytes and that's pushing it
I don't even know if they ever got that big I don't think so so you take
hundreds of those and you can you're not even gonna hardly fill up an old disk
like that actually I'd like to point this out to kind of as a side note that's
a side note right for people who want to see have an idea of what old arcade
games look like the Atari arcade games there is a special I saw on it was
YouTube or something maybe maybe Netflix but it was about Steve Jobs when he
worked for Atari oh yeah cuz breakout was a Steve Jobs thing right I think
him and was all right that's where they kind of met yeah but well they had
already met before that but it was like the band's first album let's say that
but the thing is that they talk about how many chips and how much money each
chip took to make an arcade game and then later on you have then when you
talk to the developers of some of the home versions of these games and taking
you know the arcade game and trying to reprogram and compress it into such a
smaller package I mean no wonder pac-man was kind of crap oh yeah it's
the whole reason why pac-man was crap the developer of pac-man wanted a larger
cartridge for that game and Atari said no and that's why pac-man could only
draw one goes to frame why I was sweaty balls anyway so anyway here's the thing
with you try boss I don't want to be a hater I want to see Atari succeed
believe it or not I'm rooting for you but Atari has to figure out what's its
niche because the problem is I can fucking play Minecraft and Terraria on
fucking Xbox 360 at this point which is gonna be way cheaper than $250 fucking a
Xbox one s aren't those down to like 200 bucks at this point same thing with
PlayStation 4's like the entry models those are getting cheap like and if
those are gonna be cheaper than an Atari box Atari needs to find its niche and
the classic game archive on Atari somebody else with the license beat you
to it guys so you got to figure out how to strengthen that now how about just
throwing it out there if you really want to milk the moustache nostalgia figure
out something different you can do with those classic classic games that the
flashback console can't do you can have a pure emulation mode fine but what
about something like here I go you ready Xbox 360 game room where you had
the leaderboards the videos you could play online with somebody else now
you're milking that classic arcade library with something a little extra
that doesn't exist on the flashback console that might appeal to some people
you know that's a start but again that price is still pretty high I think you
know Atari box is really gonna have to figure out like what's its niche what
can what's it really gonna be able to do they can't already be done by a
device that many people already have in their living room that would be the
audience for this sort of thing that's sort of my my take on that oh and dark
Tetsuya points out I even forgot about this those PlayStation 4 and Xbox one
collections there's already two volumes of those you're right there's already
Atari collections on PlayStation 4 and Xbox one so you can even play old Atari
games already on Xbox one so Atari box figure out how you're better than Xbox
one okay Rama points out Xbox one s is between 249 and 299 okay fair same price
as what Atari box is looking at so how are you gonna be better than Xbox Atari
or what are you gonna give that Xbox can't that's the only way this sorry
Atari your heyday is over is the only way it's gonna work yep good luck I hope
you can figure it out all right let's move on with something else dark soccer
well this is the ultimate of splat fest in the first one I actually give a shit
about kind of literally Nintendo of Europe has announced the next date in
time for their next splat fest in Splatoon 2 it's the first full week of
October and it asks a question that is relevant to my interests which way
should your toilet paper go over or under it goes under its team front roll
if it's under its back roll back roll I know right I was thinking I'm sorry my
favorite thing this is this was my proud Twitter moment I have a lot of Twitter
moments where I'm like shaking my head this is the worst dumpster fire of an
internet website but a rare proud Twitter moment came on the announcement
post for this that Nintendo made on Twitter there were so many replies with
the Alyssa Edwards gif going back rolls and I was like Twitter I'm proud of you
in this particular moment so there you go so anyway it starts off on October
7th and it will run for a full 24 hours but of course we know that the right way
to do it is front roll this is one of those things where I just I don't care
and not like I understand this is a very controversial thing I just I feel like I
don't have a horse in this race that's this what it is like I'm not I don't
care if the paper is front or back I really don't I really don't I just care
if it's three-ply but if you do it the wrong way you're wrong you're wrong and
you should feel sad have they said if they're doing this in America yet I'm
trying to see if no I haven't seen anything about the u.s. yeah I'm looking
I'm looking at the wiki and I don't see it but I don't see the Europe one listed
there either so I'm wondering if one of our Splatoon fans in chat over at
live.vognetwork.com knows the answer come on no Gus and chat says leave it to
Europe to tackle the real issues guys you don't chat says do you ever look at
an adding machine the paper is back roll yeah but if you look at the patent
for toilet paper it goes over oh god here we go let's see act it's also gif
act theft and chat points out Japan's new Splatfest is stamina versus power
that one's interesting but it's not like the types of things that divorces are
made on like this Splatfest it's no you know what my divorce would be huh
god damn it close the lid I'm taking the cat and moving to Japan bye no really
and marrying Margaret Cho no I'm done with that oh you don't mention her
anymore that fantasy is over I apologize I'm not interested in her anymore okay
you moved on I am interested in just living my moe moe dream in a little
farmhouse okay in Japan work close enough to a train station that I can go
to cool places let's see an act up just confirming that America has not gotten a
new Splat that Splat fest yet so we don't have the official announcement
however it is worth pointing out the first three for America in Europe were
all the same so if this does change it would be the first one that is different
so we'll see what happens there all right there it is the world's most
controversial Splat fest it's gonna get ugly I don't know what team to pick
you know I just I don't care enough so I just I guess I'm gonna figure out what
my friends pick and go with that so all right let's move on to another story
what what don't be Alyssa no back rolls but I like Alyssa Edwards I like Alyssa
but no back rolls all right I'm gonna ask a drag queen what I should do all
right I can arrange that right now you know one thing I think we can all agree
you shouldn't do is buy Marvel vs. Capcom infinite ball I'm sorry I'm sorry
it was a really low blow I'm sorry horrible transition well the bar isn't
that high but here look here's the reality guys and I apologize to the MVC
I fans out there but your games your game struggling a little bit that's the
reality of the situation and that's here it is the sales charts are happening the
Japanese charts came out this week some media create reported the numbers
Marvel vs. Capcom infinite charted at number eight on PlayStation 4 with
8,273 copies sold keep in mind the Xbox one is a non factor in Japan we don't
even know how many it sold there but it wasn't many here's the thing so 8,000
copies sold 8,000 and change Pokken tournament DX with the number one spot
fifty three thousand three hundred ninety three copies that is a re-release
of a Wii U game essentially now to be fair not everybody had the Wii U this is
part of the reason why it's being re-released but still that is over what
five I'm trying to do math fast five six times as many copies of Pokken
tournament sold the Marvel vs. Capcom infinite in Japan also worth noting
super Street Fighter 2 turbo HD remix for the switch 16,404 copies Street
Fighter 2 outsold Marvel vs. Capcom infinite in Japan this week Street
Fighter 2 what do you think of that Jamie I have nothing to say by the way
in the UK kind of a similar story just so you know it's all poop it's it's not
looking good there in the UK either it was mentioned in a tweet that ultra
Street Fighter 2 for Nintendo switch had a better opening weekend than
Marvel vs. Capcom infinite although I don't have the numbers over there as
well so there it is act-def in chat over at live.vognetwork.com also points out
Pokken tournament on the Wii U sold more than Street Fighter 5 on release so I'm
not surprised that is true that was kind of a quote-unquote shock I guess you
could say at that time although you know those that have played Pokken tournament
I know many I know many folks that are really really into that such as act-def
I have a copy and haven't played it yet it's it's good I have it on Wii U I'm a
little hesitant to buy it again on switch I don't really I don't think I
played it enough to justify the repurchase but I think if you didn't
get it on Wii U and you like fighting games at all and you know especially
Tekken which you know obviously this has a lot of Pokken it has a lot in common
with it I think it's worth a look I do I I would recommend it on that basis but I
don't know if I would want to rebuy it myself I'm just not that into it to do
that but there you go so anyway sorry to you Marvel vs. Capcom Infinite fans
but I don't know I don't know Capcom kind of dug themselves a hole with this
one and I don't know if it's the fact that the x-men aren't in it or just the
art style at first was just sending a bad message when this game was first
revealed or they just made a bad game but this is not bode well for Capcom and
fighting games when they're their game from 1990 yes an updated remix and all
that stuff yes yes but still a game from that long ago is doing better I don't
know what that says anyway speaking of games from long ago Dark
Sakura hmm data East need I say more data East gave us bad dudes karate champ
kung fu master and burger time burger time yes yes well um there is a company
called G mode that is working on a data East revival project so on their page
that says are you looking for a data East license here's the answer G mode
owns over 100 titles of deco data East franchises which includes let me just
pick the ones that don't you know especially suck well I played fighters
history a bit I kind of like that Joe and Mac lock and chase midnight
resistance midnight resistance is a fucking good game Dark Lord burn and
rubber bloody wolf bad dudes versus dragon ninja crude buster also known as
two crude dudes so yeah they're working on trying to re-release some of the
games and basically you can reach out to them on their webpage so that they
can find a partner to get the games out so yay fighters history I still remember
I care more about midnight resistance to be honest I still remember not that long
ago there was like a burger time reimagining game that came out and it
kind of came and went and I want to say it even got delisted at one point
because I think the idea was they probably lost the license and maybe
this kind of answers where it went is back in the pool for someone else to
snatch up so someone snatched yes so maybe you know I don't know maybe some
like really hardcore developer can pick up burger time and do like a burger time
ultimate type of game we're like you murder those fucking eggs and bacon the
chase you around the board be like zombie burger exactly all right from the
developers of Bayonetta bring you burger time three all right I think this
is really cool actually I I think this is this actually makes the Assassin's
Creed series which is not something that I really ever super get into it's just
you know again I don't have time obsessed though this I think this is
great though is that what they're doing is that in the latest Assassin's Creed
game Assassin's Creed origin a free origins update in 2018 is going to let
you turn off combat story and challenges for an educational mode
called discovery tour and it's because of the you know high-level graphics
engine that these games provide this is gonna allow you to way to actually kind
of explore ancient Egypt in an educational sort of sense and if you're
kind of rolling your eyes at educational games well then don't fucking play it
there's Assassin's Creed origin for you to play but I think this is kind of a
really neat enhancement to an existing game to use the engine for something you
know like if you like this game so much why don't you learn a little something
about it well to point out and I mentioned this before when I was taking
a little it was a few years ago when I was taking art history that my teacher
used scenes from Assassin's Creed 2 no to illustrate Italy during the
Renaissance because I mean some of the you know the the buildings around you
know are of course severely damaged and things have been rebuilt and everything
but it she said that you know from maps and pictures that was a fairly good
likeness yeah of you know Italy around that time of Rome you know and so we had
slides from Assassin's Creed 2 in our history that's cool and then we talked
about how the de-medicis hated each other well anyway discovery mode is
gonna be out in early 2018 it will not be there when the game releases on
October 27th but you do have this to look forward to again in this mode
you're gonna be able to explore ancient Egypt there will be no enemies running
around they will also add a series of guided tours curated historians and
Egyptologists will be available I guess in the game maybe they're getting some
people to do some voicing and some writing for this stuff you can learn
directly about pyramids Cleopatra mummification and more you can learn all
about all the those big things that go with I would play that I think that's neat I
think it's just kind of neat I would totally be down yeah so very cool
props to the developers for doing that vidpower in chat says age of empires 2
is my favorite education game you know I learned stuff from civilization you know
as much as you might kind of laugh at that you know when you build wonders of
the world you might learn you know they get do a little narration about why they
built it and you know what it was for and all that stuff so you kind of learn
you know I thought it was kind of cool all right just a few more stories for
you guys dark Sakura one more story from you yeah well you know we've hit the
30th anniversary for a Mega Man or Rockman and there was a phrase that was
said by the producer of the Mega Man Legacy Collection to Kazuhiro Tsuchiya
and as it was said I'm just gonna read the quote because it's very interesting
I want to say the Capcom has not forgotten about Rockman the logo here is
being put to good use that was the 30th anniversary logo Rockman's 30th
anniversary is coming in December December please remember that date on
behalf of Uchi and everyone here we are looking forward to it very much and hope
you are as well we are deeply pleased to be able to share this with all the fans
who have made this possible thank you for all of your support up until now and
in the future what does this mean we just have to keep waiting with bated
breath until December to find out and it better not be you know he's in another
Street Fighter game December being the PlayStation experience in Vegas mm-hmm
probably just getting another game or maybe a release just I mean it'd be nice
if they did a new a new game not a fucking re-release we've had we've had
plenty of fucking re-releases how many different new game I played make it to
you yeah new game or get the fuck out you know what legends 3 or get out what
if they did like you know how Megaman X was all the the big release now huh
what if they did like a new type of Megaman platforming franchise Megaman Z
why not make a man said mm-hmm why not do it I as long as the game's good
that's what I fucking care about we have the improvement upon Megaman EXE now we
have Megaman DMG anything is possible so it can be a Mac installer and auto
windows executable all right one more story for you guys before we open up the
skype line at orange lounge radio all one word and yes I saved the best for
last tonight at least from my perspective very excited to hear about
this there is going to be a Commodore 64 mini as if the NES classic and the Super
NES classic wasn't enough now Jamie this one this one would be worth getting
because most Commodore 64 is don't even fucking work anymore like it's very hard
to find one that actually works so I love this that they're actually doing
this so they're actually going to be putting out a Commodore 64 mini it's
going to be a fully licensed recreation of the 80s they call it console but it
was kind of a computer it will connect via HDMI it will have a joystick even
though there was no official joystick for Commodore 64 there were a few
popular ones that I think this is based off of and there will be of course 64
licensed games haha the console will be half the size of the original those
things are huge some of the games to look forward to California games
impossible mission another visitor stay a while stay forever
you ever play that game with the bad synth in the beginning no I didn't but
what was that school game that terrible school game or was it on Amiga the
school game I don't know there's a lot of like educational game or like out of
school you were in a school maybe it was on Amiga and maybe maybe I really like
this art of art game where was I speedball to brutal deluxe paragroid you
can look at more information over at VC 64.com slash games you can actually look
at all the games in it including and this is kind of funny chips challenges
in this I know the guy that made this game actually so I kind of want to bring
he lives here locally so I kind of want to bring him on OLR to talk about this
maybe I I want to know if he even knows this is being made he may or may not I
don't know impossible mission 2 is gonna be in there as well which is the less
noteworthy sequel Monty on the run that was a huge game if you were kind of into
games back then anyway there's some good picks in here I'm cyber annoyed those
games were really big on Commodore 64 you know last ninjas missing and some
other stuff but you know I think there were only so many licenses they could
get they couldn't get things like Donkey Kong's c64 port and things like that but
this is this is to be a pretty good selection I'm very interested to look
for to see it here so anyway I'm looking in chat over at live dot vog network
calm black wolf actually has an answer for you school days maybe and that's it
you said yes school days that was it because I remember the classrooms were
yellow Wow Wow good job Bobby all right it was for the spectrum that's what I
was thinking of other things that are available on this mini classic Commodore
64 pics pixel filter options save game functions and the ability to use a USB
keyboard no word though if it has the full Commodore 64 shell in it like where
you could launch into basic and maybe program your own thing I don't know if
it's gonna go that far but that would be really rad if it did I'm sure somebody
would hack it to do that it will be out in early 2018 and it will go for sixty
nine ninety nine euros because it's not coming out in the states it's coming out
overseas of course not yeah so there it is it's not gonna be coming out here
it's coming out overseas I hope they will find a way to release it here I
understand that Commodore 64 was huge overseas especially you know in the UK
and stuff but I have a big place in my heart for it here so I really hope they
find a way to put it out here it's being developed by retro games not the same
company as retro computers who are making the Sinclair Vega Plus retro
games did the 64 and they're working with kosh media who owns deep silver to
distribute the console so that's pretty exciting yeah I agree Tiger Khan chat
says you could import it it'll cost more yeah I probably could I mean hopefully
these things won't have the scarcity problems that consoles over here have
had with Nintendo stuff and I can just ask one of my friends over there to go
into a shop and get me one like you know send them money or whatever and then
just have it sent that way maybe one of my pals from girls gone Wow or geek card
or something like that one of our vlog shows in the UK maybe somebody your pal
pals my pal pals yes my pal pals I get it power yeah you're funny all right if
you want to call in and tell us a joke the skype line is open orange lounge
radio all one word on Skype if you would like to give us a call tonight and say
hello I do want to mention this because well actually it looks like of course of
course this is our first call tonight but I'm gonna take this because I heard
there's a little story going on here and I want to make sure we take this call if
I can actually pick it up and say hello you are on orange launch radio who's
this hey this is reginator hey reginator hey I'm gonna interrupt whatever you're
about to say and tell you congratulations because I saw your news
in the chat room that you got engaged in the past week and you just ruined my
call thank you you're what well I I got you I surprised you boo yeah yeah
actually I was gonna lead in with a stupid corner corny half joke y'all yep
y'all yep not serious but you you quite jokes yeah yeah yeah yeah I mean that's
kind of a given you know it's like God why it's wet you know is that Pope
Catholic bear shit yeah it's excited yes I get it yeah yeah I was gonna lead up
with the question like God does uh the c-65 here we have to say dad you know
you know what the weather report for how it is yes if there's another app that
tells you of a vibe you know community member you know recently got engaged
well I I I heard because bird is the word and I heard some birds in the chat
room saying what was going on there rage so congratulations let me ask this
question is she a gamer not really up and she she has a very mild interest in
it she doesn't even have a computer right now but yes the rage inator you
know the rules she will soon own your computer yeah yeah such as it is
honestly I really haven't done any gaming you know so to speak myself
lately because I'm still working on my computer she was but that aside you know
but my intent is to slowly wiener into gaming so if she wants rage there don't
force her anything she thinks it's boring then do something she likes for
an hour you know well well that's pretty much to give it you know yeah I mean you
know yeah you know honestly I already been focusing and I what she wants so
far so yeah you know what the scary thing is all you've been engaged for
three days and I'm not even married yet nagging has already started welcome to a
whole new beautiful world going to chat of course chat is reading you as they
rightfully should kaijuto saying she knows all the steam sales stop he says
he's gog she's steam it's like bloods and Crips it's it's a row it's the
montagues and capulets to use a very very dated reference but you know yeah
well well you are you trying to jinx us are you trying to get us killed you know
how that story ends right no yeah yeah I I do but hopefully yours will be much
better that's that's what I'm hoping for I don't think anybody's died over steam
yet or God that I know of so yeah oh well I just posted a pic in the chat
chat chat like 30 seconds ago as you were speaking now unfortunately we
haven't taken up no couples picture yet but this in the works but you know this
is all you think I have been half handy so oh she's this is the first time I'm
seeing her she's a lovely lady so congratulations yeah you're locked up I
was I was gonna say she's lucky to have you but the real answer is you're lucky
to have her oh I already know that I already know that hell you know
honestly well backtrack a little bit I assume you already know about the
medical emergency I am like a week and a half ago I think I picked up on that but
I didn't want to disclose that myself on the show that's your business well well
feel free you probably can do it a little bit more successfully than I can
so I my understanding is you went to the hospital over some heart issues to put
it briefly right correctly yeah yeah but anyway yeah it's basically served as a
wake-up call for me yeah as a result I you know decided to go all yolo and
decided to grow a pair and said you know what the fuck no proposed you know so
and she happened to be in town yeah it's no no cuz you know firstly she lives out
skates and what it just felt the place you know she was initially shocked I
even did but no accepted so all right well congratulations reginator I'm happy
for you guys and keep us posted when you know when the wedding's gonna be yeah
yeah yeah I'll definitely keep you posted we haven't really gone that far
yet you know we're just kind of like letting sick yeah you know don't rush
don't rush into it take it take it slowly you got you got as much time as
you guys want to plan that you can do it tomorrow if you want you can do it in
two years so it's up to you all right yeah all right you too take care buddy
good to talk to you congrats bye-bye all right orange lounge radio all what
oops sorry I'm since I'm using the iPad it's it's a little different here orange
launch radio all one word on Skype if you would like to call us so I know that
wasn't really a lot to do with games but you know what cuz reginator calls into
this show all the time and I'm sure y'all are curious you know and you want
to hear the good news when things happen and he's family that's right he's fam so
we're happy for him here at orange lounge radio speaking of fam I think
we're getting another call on the line right now connecting so let's check in
hi you're on orange launch radio who's this it's the ringtone I thought I
should kind of have that as a real tone on my phone you probably could get it
y'all you probably just need a Windows phone it's alright I think it's
connected this time you shut your poor mouth even Bill Gates I think uses
nature all right no wait no look we got a caller on the line hi you're on
orange launch radio who's this it's Ron man I'm kind of speechless right now
because I heard somebody trash-talking a Windows phone yes keep in mind I don't
like any phone that isn't an iPhone cuz I only buy good stuff she's a she's a
fangirl oh yeah that I know it doesn't help the
fact that at work I have an iPhone and I'm sitting here looking at it I want to
build and make basic adjustments where I can do a Windows mobile and Android and
a friend was like oh yes swipe from the bottom I threw the phone across the room
and said I quit for the whole damn day I did it's bad enough I want to make a
ringtone create a phone to call ringtones drop the song in the system
will see it iPhone you gotta use iTunes go through iTunes I still can't do it go
dig it around found a program that is for trial where I just want one song as
my ringtone and that's it it took me five minutes tops yeah well it shouldn't
by just creating a folder on the phone itself it should automatically pick it
up I shouldn't need special software to do it and I'm just like all right all
right we didn't easy we didn't we didn't you I know your intention was not to
call in to talk about cell phones so what's on your mind tonight buddy was it
a couple of things um one I'm shook about this Atari box pardon me but I'm
summoning my inner techno nerd rage and some of Loki's rage you mean to tell me
an AMD powered console by Atari it's gonna run between two hundred and fifty
and three hundred dollars no no I can understand if it was an Intel yes I can
get that but unless they are opening up this console for not just for the
classic games where you can develop games for the Atari box I'm sold brand
new next-gen games retro games on an Atari box I'm so what it okay Ramit for
what it's worth I do think that's part of what they want to do they want to do
Minecraft Terraria they want to do those types of modern games it's not only
classic games I think that's important to put out there well that's good I'm
all for that because if this thing at this price is no more powerful than a
game queue or a weed then you know what it's gonna stay right on the shelf the
crowdfunding part of this kind of worries me too a dark to see it dark to
see it brings up a damn good point sounds like the Ouya but probably more
powerful but the okay let's yeah the I mean there's there's a few Ouya fans
left but for the most part like everybody was mega hype about the Ouya
and then like Ouya kind of who yucked out the door in like three months see
but the difference I see on the software aspect is Ouya was powered by Android
you can root and jump into that this is gonna be a pure Linux system where
they're gonna be locking it down a little bit more it's gonna be they're
gonna be able to do a little bit more with the hardware itself with the OS see
our buddy our buddy Brad from pod culture jumped in I liked my Ouya he's
but Brad I love you dude but you're the one Ouya fan that I know of out there
but that no I mean that's cool that's cool but most people were kind of you
know didn't really find the reason to get it eventually anyway you still with
us mama yeah I'm still here I'm still here bro it's all good anything else in
your mind to share super NES classic oh yes I understand everybody's like you
know what F Nintendo I'm gonna go out and get the roms I'm gonna go out and
emulate it I'm gonna go build my Raspberry Pi and all of this you know
what I actually thought about doing it cuz I have a Raspberry Pi but I won't do
it because I am that lazy I will not sit here and like Bobby Blackpool said spend
the whole afternoon putting it together no I ain't got time for that nobody got
time for that but I will say there are games on this this system from my
teenage years my childhood that I absolutely love and the main reason why
I will put in the attempt to get one is because of Secret of Mana that game got
me through a really hard time in my life I hope I have so many memories with
Final Fantasy 3 you know and yes I know it's really six but to 15 year old Rob
it was Final Fantasy 3 I have so many memories with that game like I can't
even I I can't even bro I used to rent father see three from the video store
and every time I returned I would re-rent it or if I couldn't re-rent it
I'd hope and pray that I'd remember what the what the subcode was on the game side
knew which one the rents I could pick up from my save game and hope and pray at
some asshole didn't delete it I I I threw diva fits I did whatever chores
had to be done I kissed ass I did everything it took to get Final Fantasy
3 once I played it at a friend's house that's what I did to get my Super
Nintendo period and then getting it for Christmas I was like yeah boy I love it
yeah I'm you know I probably that's fine if people want to do the emulator thing
then cool but I think there's there's some weird connection that some of us
have with the whole fact that it is the official Nintendo product and it is you
know the official channels there there's just something that just can't kind of
you also know there's been a lot of quality checks for something like this
that maybe haven't happened on the whole emulator side that I think are somewhat
important but you know I'm not gonna knock people that choose to do the
emulator thing you know more fine it is what it is but just understand that
there's people that want to do it this way too okay you know what you can go
out and do all that you can actually buy a 3d printed Super Nintendo shell to put
on your Raspberry Pi oh you can actually go that far you know you know let's
let's talk about this Rama let's talk about this is important I don't even
really like Raspberry Pi like lemon meringue is superior no no no no it's
all about peach cobbler my dude peach cobbler I okay versus Raspberry Pi I'm
with you there but the all-time supreme is no surprise coconut cream pumpkin pie
thank you very much god you are so extra wrong well thank you I haven't been
given a compliment on that cream which makes me now when they go to nations
banana creams my second favorite I want to go to nations now Rob I have my
friend had a birthday on Friday and we had banana cream pie at the dinner oh so
fucking good anyway Rama you made the conversation go back to food whether you
intended to or not I'm gonna let you go so we can try squeeze in one more call
but thank you go for it dude all right take everybody all right bye all right
bye all right that was our friend Rama from anime jam session Tuesday nights
here at the voice geek Network and let's see oh wow this is a nice change where
the phone is actually ringing off the hook tonight because usually it's not
and I have to sit here and vamp for time now I just have to vamp for time because
this fucking tablet is slow to connect and that is definitely a goal before the
end of the year is to upgrade see and now I hung up on him son of a bitch
sorry buddy call back if you got this orange launch radio all one word on
Skype it is my goal before the end of the year to have this replaced so and I
when I say this I waved my hand at the studio stuff when I said this okay I
think we are connected this time and I can say hi you're on orange launch radio
who's this hi there's a deaf hey act F buddy how's it going not so great good
to see you but I'm sorry it's not so great what's what's wrong well it's the
next classic Amazon Amazon fucked you again didn't they you guessed it well I
read Twitter but here's the thing here's the thing didn't didn't you learn after
they wronged you last time one would think that one would think that that I
would have learned the lesson that I would have to stay away from Amazon no
look I'm teasing you a little bit I also understand I also understand that the
Super Nintendo classics were so desirable that people kind of went to
where they could get one so like I was able to get one at Best Buy which oh I
never told the story about why what how I ran into trouble at Best Buy sorry
deaf I'm gonna hijack your call for a minute but this is important problem all
right thank you you know at least you can watch okay so Jamie get this so I
pre-ordered my SNES classic on Best Buy when I was lucky and I found it on
Twitter and I fell in that 20-minute window and I get the pre-order there
right I go into Best Buy and they say what's your name and I give them my last
name that you would see on my credit card in my driver's license right and
they say we don't see that in the system and I'm like here we fucking go and I'm
thinking in my mind I knew I knew this is too fucking easy I knew I knew
it and it turns out they looked at my barcode and they're like we see you
here it looks like this is for Rob Roberts and I'm going fuck so as you
guys I'm sure know Rob Roberts yes that's my name here on Orange Launch
Radio that's my internet persona name but that is my fake name like Lady Gaga
uses a fake name right so that's just something I've always done since way
back when when Travis first got me into this he said you want to have a fake
name so that was it Rob Roberts right so I don't know how that ended up on my
Best Buy thing because I'm thinking like what but I wouldn't have that would have
it that's not the name on my credit card or that like how did that fucking get
connected to Rob Roberts well I'm thinking it might have somehow got tied
to my Facebook account because that's something you could do on Best Buy is
tied to your Facebook account so anyway so they and they wouldn't let me pick it
up because I didn't have any ID that showed that my name is Rob Roberts so
first thing I learned this week I need fake ID that says that I'm Rob Roberts
second thing is that but this and the the happy ending of the story because I
did finally get it I had to actually go on to the website in the store and put
Rob real last name as my pickup person to actually pick up the console and had
to wait there for like 10 minutes while it went through the system and the new
label printed out there and so you can actually see Jamie if you look at the
side of the box on that label it says my real name to pick up for my stage
name which is funny because again the critic yes she's making this face of I
think it's also stupid that they have stickies on here yeah I don't want a
little tack I I hope yeah they're low tack okay that's good cuz I didn't like
that either cuz there's no shrink wrap I almost said saran wrap a shrink wrap on
that anyway there you go there's my story I don't know how my fucking stage
name got on my Best Buy order when again that's not the name on my credit card
but I have I have had stuff stuff shipped to the house under my stage name
but usually that's like game companies sending me the very rare review copy or
things like that because they're not gonna know me as my real last name they
know me as Rob Roberts which most people on the internet do but anyway that's my
whole my whole issue so but unfortunately act theft I know my story
had a happy ending I just was slightly inconvenienced but yours we don't have a
happy ending yet do we no it's it it's terrible because and and I was going to
a point with with with actually learning from Amazon and not ordering from them
but at least the previous times that they happen with the switch is having
with a splatoon it even happened with Pokken Pokken DX it even happened there
but at least I got a confirmation from them that I would get it right now
anyone and I mean anyone ordered from Amazon doesn't know shit about when it's
going to get fulfilled what's really frustrating about that whole thing and
where I would be at in that position is that meanwhile the fucking treasure
trucks showed up from Amazon selling those things in different cities and
then what did it show up on prime now as well I feel like it did in some places
it didn't show up in prime now but it showed up on instant pickup which is
different because they I think they like send it to a place like that something
like a p.o. box oh you can pick up there so and this isn't and of course the
first thing I was gonna ask is is the fact that you're in Mexico have a
complication on this but you actually do you have you have these things delivered
to a u.s. address right yeah I have a u.s. address that a friend and I share
basically yeah yeah it's it's also like a p.o. box but it's for all type of mail
yeah exactly but yeah I have to do that because if I try to buy a SNES mini here
in Mexico it's around the end that's this is a retail price it's not even
like a scalper price it's around $140 Wow yeah it's cheaper to rent the
fucking p.o. box it's crazy way cheaper Wow and it's crazy yeah yeah Amazon
really owes their customers a really fucking good explanation I mean here's
the reality I can tell you right now the Amazon that ships the SNES mini to your
house is not the same Amazon that runs those treasure trucks and that's the
reality that that's why this is happening they are separate companies
that are well they're separate branches of the organization running under the
same name that doesn't think I'm not excusing it but that's what's happening
but the problem is most people don't understand that and most people see it's
Amazon and why the fuck is Amazon screwing me over while meanwhile the
trucks are pulling into major metropolis cities where maybe I don't even relive
and letting people buy these things that ought to be mine that I pre-ordered and
yeah I'm not I'm not angry towards the the treasure trucks or instant pickup
because people got got their SNES classic that way and I'm happy for them
I'm really happy kind of salty but happy at the end because sure it's it's
something they want it's not their fault Amazon it's not their fault yeah yeah
and and the only thing I would want from Amazon right now is to explain this
stuff yes because Amazon hasn't said a word about it that's the most
frustrating part that Amazon that hasn't acknowledged this and all of the people
all of us who stayed up late and I August 22nd at 1 30 a.m. I can't I
remember exactly when I pre-ordered this thing we got screwed badly and we don't
know even if we're gonna get a SNES classic soon and I really and it's like
my god somebody I I am with you a hundred percent active somebody needs to
hold Amazon's feet to the fire on this so I don't know if I have journalist
friends that listen to this show I know I have a couple but I don't know if
they're listening to every episode every minute but if I have any journalist
friends that have connections out there that are doing a story on this somebody
needs to grill Amazon's PR department on how this happened and by the way
something something to think about what else does Amazon own that's under the
same umbrella with gaming twitch TV and one big thing that they're pushing on
twitch right now is help us sell video games on twitch well I'm gonna ask this
give twitch twitch if you want me to help you sell video games how are you
gonna guarantee that you're actually gonna give them to people because you're
all Amazon at the end of the day even though yes twitch is a different
building than Amazon treasure truck and Amazon how are you gonna guarantee that
the people I'm gonna push to buy things on and I say that as a twitch affiliate
how are you going to make sure that the people that buy games on Amazon get them
when they think they're gonna get them and when they're promised them that's
exactly I would like to hear people asking of twitch yeah exactly there's
there's tons of stuff going wrong with Amazon right now and especially with
whether gaming pre-orders and all that stuff is and it's crazy that it isn't
even like mentioned in any game journal or gaming blog out there because I have
Church I'm I'm trying to look for answers to say to see if Amazon has said
something that if anyone has already received their SNES classic but no we
haven't seen anything and it's again frustrating because I ordered to one for
me and one for a friend who lives in Mexico City mm-hmm and I really want
that to have it right like as soon as possible because another friend of ours
is going to Mexico City and I wouldn't have to pay for shipping yeah but if
have to pay for shipping I would have to pay for importation fees the the
shipping self and it's gonna be another 50 to more even more dollars that yeah
we really don't want to spend well active for what it's worth I'm gonna
cross my fingers and my toes tomorrow is Monday and if business things are gonna
happen maybe Monday you'll get your answer you know it all went down on a
Friday so maybe Monday Amazon will have some answers but if Amazon doesn't
produce some answers on Monday then I would call on any of my folks with
connections out there who do these stories where they get to interview
Amazon or interview twitch ask these hard questions people like act deaf need
you to ask these questions so all right my friend I'm gonna let you go and hope
for the best for you okay hey thanks for having keep us posted we'll check in
next week okay sure all right take care buddy all right I think that is gonna do
it for the Skype line tonight I'm gonna definitely be watching his twitch to see
if he gets that SNES classic or any of my friends that ordered on Amazon get
their SNES classic but I think we're about to wrap up tonight's show that's
it for another additional orange unless you had a last-minute story you wanna
talk about our soccer I don't know I did find an interesting story about the in
fact I actually reposted on my Jamie Summers fan page on Facebook if people
would like to maybe give it a like but I posted about the resurgence of a pinball
itself that after a sharp decline pinball has actually gone back into the
rise with over 35,000 international tournaments so and then of course we
have more and more machines being released and I it makes it makes my dark
heart a little bit brighter to know that that's happening any any thoughts on why
like why pinball is it just maybe just kind of the whole like nostalgia thing
like I think a good bit of it is nostalgia I think the other thing comes
with it actually being some sort of you know a tactile sensation it's it's a
game that you are more directly interacting with whether it's you know
you know shaking the table you know without tilting it right or catching the
ball and doing tricks with it it requires I think a lot a higher degree
of skill but anyone can pick it up you know in some ways you know we make we
make fun of the whole pachinko machine craze in Japan sometimes about oh
Castlevania is gonna be a pachinko machine and all this stuff but in a way
in a way pinball is kind of what we have instead of pachinko yeah in a way I mean
right because it's it's similar they had their origins in the same place exactly
they have their oranges in the same place so you know and I think if if
Konami were to say we're gonna make a Castlevania pinball game most people
would be like fucking rad yeah yeah talk to Stern Stern's the one making them
which by the way our coin op has a has Lexi light speed which that one is
supposed to be it's really a first of its type it's a supposed to be a modular
table that has a video play field so the interactive elements are when it hits a
target it changes on the the play field it's full video and it was really fun
and it's supposed to be able to be modded into other pinball tables so all
right well I think on that note then we're gonna wrap up another additional
orange laundry oh I want to thank you guys for listening to the show tonight
really appreciate your as a support we are the show where every gamer has a
voice but we can only spread those voices if they're here with us either
live or via emails and tweets and all that stuff on the podcast feed tell a
friend or two about the show help us spread the word about orange lounge
radio that's all we ask really a nice five-star review on a site like iTunes
or wherever you found this show those go a long way as well that's it I think
it's time to do final thoughts tonight dark Sakura you want to go first your
final thought tonight hell is other people no I mean I'm really okay it's
just when you're dealing with mitigating issues between a bunch of people and
then other people decide that oh we need you to stop everything in your actual
real life and work on stuff 3,000 miles away please don't do that to me I can't
do anything about that yeah so you're only one person and I may be awesome and
cuter than Loki feel better Loki but no just just I need a day alone but I'm
seeing gorillas this week there you go so fuck yeah all right so I have to say
reject false icons fair enough my final thought tonight is I am going to bed
early tonight I'm so tired but it was worth it I had a fun day and it's always
good to see my old friends and my new friends to friends are great right go
hug a friend this wins friends who needs them no I'm just a everybody need them
go hug a friend this week we'll see you in seven days to do this all again here
at Orange Lounge Radio bye you've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio Orange
Lounge Radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show tune
into fog network calm Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern the views and
opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the
staff of Orange Lounge Radio or fog network but you know they were all still
true
see you next week
you